<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="library_system">
	<title>Using a library or source control system</title>
	
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2006"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-June-10"/>
			<revised modified="2006-September-18"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>managing content</keyword>
				<keyword>library system</keyword>
				<keyword>source control system</keyword>
				<indexterm>library system</indexterm>
				<indexterm>source control system</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.3"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<title>Storing DITA files in library (source control) systems</title>
			<p>DITA source files are stored on disk as ASCII text files, just as are source code files for software projects. Because of this source control or library systems used to store and manage software source code can also be used for DITA source files. A source control system stores and tracks changes to source files. Multiple versions of source files are kept, and most systems have built-in capabilities to display differences between different versions of the same file.</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Some library (source control) systems you can use</title>
			<p>The following table shows just a few of the many source control systems that can be used for storing DITA files.</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>System name</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>CVS (Concurrent Versions System)</stentry>
					<stentry>Open source project. For more information, 
			    see <xref href="http://www.cvsnt.org/wiki/" format="html" scope="external"/>.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Perforce</stentry>
					<stentry>Commercial software configuration management system. You can download a free version for small projects. For more information, 
			    see <xref href="http://www.perforce.com/" format="html" scope="external"/>.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>Subversion</stentry>
					<stentry>Open source project that is meant as a newer replacement for CVS. For more information, 
			    see <xref href="http://subversion.tigris.org/" format="html" scope="external"/>.</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
