<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="localizing_ditablogs">
	<title>DITAblogs (localizing)</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-05-01"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-17"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>localizing content</keyword>
				<keyword>globalizing content</keyword>
				<keyword>internationalizing content</keyword>
				<keyword>translating content</keyword>
				<indexterm>localizing (translating)<indexterm>DITAblogs for</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>DITAblogs<indexterm>localizing (translating)</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>xml lang attribute</indexterm>
				<indexterm>conref</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<title>How we made this document "localization-ready"</title>
			<p>Currently there are no plans to translate this document into languages other than US English. However, it would be well positioned to do so for the following key reasons:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>The document was written using DITA, an XML vocabulary well supported by popular translation tools.</li>
				<li>We have put xml:lang attributes in all of our root elements.</li>
				<li>The core vocabulary set could provide a translation center with basic information about the Toolkit and related products.</li>
				<li>Most of the "about" topics have been "conref'ed" from the core vocabulary, so that content would need to be translated only once.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		<section>
		<title>Preparing your DITA files to be localization-ready</title>
		<p>Even if you have no immediate plans to translate your DITA project files into languages other than US English, you can make your projects localization-ready by:
		<ul>
			<li>Including xml:lang statements in your DITA source files.</li>
			<li>Creating well-architected projects that make effective use of content reuse.</li>
			<li>Always including a glossary, core vocabulary, or controlled vocabulary in your DITA projects.</li>
			<li>Investigating translation technologies as you convert your legacy content to DITA, even if you have no immediate plans to translate, to be sure your DITA projects will operate effectively with popular localization applications.</li>
			<li>Ensuring that your content management system integrates well with popular translation technologies.</li>
		</ul>
		</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
