<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<!--             (C) Copyright OASIS Open 2005.                    -->
<!--             (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2001, 2004.         -->
<!--             All Rights Reserved.                              -->
<reference id="langrefintro" rev="1.1" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Introduction<?Pub Caret?></title>
<shortdesc>The design of the Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA)
is based on deriving multiple information types, or topic types, from a common,
generic topic. This language reference describes the elements that comprise
the topic DTD and its initial, information-typed descendents: concept, reference,
task, and glossentry. It also describes the DITA map DTD and its current specialization
(bookmap), as well as various topic and map based DITA domains.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>DITA Language Reference overview</indexterm><indexterm>Overview</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>This specification describes specific details of each element
in the OASIS DITA language. The separate DITA Architectural Specification
includes detailed information about DITA specialization, when to use each
topic type, how topics and maps interact, details of complex behaviors such
as conref and conditional processing, and many other best practices for working
with DITA.</p><p>The elements that make up the DITA design represent a set
of different authoring concerns, each of which is grouped into its own chapter.
Major sections include:</p><ul>
<li>The main components of a topic, concept, reference, task, document,</li>
<li>The main components of a glossentry document (new for DITA 1.1),</li>
<li>The common elements available for creating content within the body of
a topic,</li>
<li>The elements that make up the two types of tables in DITA,</li>
<li>The elements contained in the prolog of a topic (many of these also appear
in the topicmeta in a map),</li>
<li>The elements contained in the related-links part of a topic,</li>
<li>Elements that appear in many contexts, but do not fit into specific categories,</li>
<li>Elements that are available for further specialization,</li>
<li>Domain specializations of topic elements that represent different subject
domains,</li>
<li>Elements that make up a DITA map, followed by the "mapgroup" domain specialization,</li>
<li>The bookmap specialization (new for DITA 1.1),</li>
<li>The xNAL domain for describing author information (based on the extensible
Name and Address Language standard, and also new for DITA 1.1),</li>
<li>The DITAVAL DTD for flagging and filtering content (formalized for DITA
1.1),</li>
<li>and commonly referenced descriptions</li>
</ul><p>In addition to glossentry topics, bookmap, the xNAL domain, and the
formalized DITAVAL format, DITA 1.1 also includes a new indexing domain, clarifications
to the image and object elements, new props and base attributes for attribute
specialization, and several new elements:</p><ul>
<li>abstract</li>
<li>data and data-about</li>
<li>foreign and unknown</li>
<li>index-base</li>
</ul><p>DITA 1.1 includes a new "dir" attribute to aid in localization. This
attribute, along with other localization attributes, is now available on nearly
every DITA element. In addition, common metadata and id attributes that were
available on many elements in DITA 1.0 are now available on nearly every element.</p><!--
<p>In addition, this reference also describes elements that are used to manage
DITA topics, either for convenience in editing or for production as sets of
topics for particular kinds of deliverables.</p>
-->     </section>
<section><title>Terminology</title><p> The key words “MUST”, “MUST NOT”,
“REQUIRED”, “SHALL”, “SHALL NOT”, “SHOULD”, “SHOULD NOT”, “RECOMMENDED”, “MAY”,
and “OPTIONAL” are to be interpreted as described in [<xref format="html"
href="file:///C:/DITA-OT1.3.1/plugins/oasisDocs/out/langref/ditaref-type.html#rfc2119"
scope="external">RFC2119</xref>].</p></section>
<section><title>Normative References</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt> [RFC2119]</dt>
<dd>S. Bradner, Key words for use in RFCs to Indicate Requirement Levels, <xref
format="txt" href="http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt" scope="external">http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt</xref>,
IETF RFC 2119, March 1997.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004515?>
