<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<!--             (C) Copyright OASIS Open 2005.                    -->
<!--             (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2001, 2004.         -->
<!--             All Rights Reserved.                              -->
<reference id="select-atts" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>     <keyword>%select-atts;</keyword>   </title>
<shortdesc rev="1.1">Attributes that support both filtering and flagging include <i> 
     <keyword>props</keyword>     </i>, <i>       <keyword>platform</keyword> 
   </i>, <i>       <keyword>product</keyword>     </i>, <i>       <keyword>audience</keyword> 
   </i>, and <i>       <keyword>otherprops</keyword>     </i>. Attribute <i> 
     <keyword>base</keyword>     </i> is a generic attribute that is available
for specialization; it can be specialized for values that have a simple value
syntax like the filter attributes, but is not itself a filtering or flagging
attribute. Attribute <i>       <keyword>rev</keyword>     </i> only lets you
flag information that matches a run-time parameter. Attribute <i>       <keyword>importance</keyword> 
   </i> provides a range of values for applications to use as needed. The <keyword>%select-atts;</keyword> entity
also includes additional entities that allow it to include specializations
of the props and base attribute. See the DITA Architectural Specification
for more information on filtering or flagging with attributes, as well as
for information on specialization the base and props attributes.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>%select-atts</indexterm><indexterm>Commonly referenced
attribute descriptions<?Pub Caret?><indexterm>%select-atts</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<!--xsection conref="DitabaseNav.dita#commonCMdefs/select-atts-contains"/-->
<!--xsection conref="DitabaseNav.dita#commonCMdefs/select-atts-containedby"/-->
<section>       <title>Attributes</title>       <simpletable id="selectatts"
relcolwidth="3* 6* 2* 2* 2*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/props">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/base">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/platform">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/product">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/audience">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/otherprops">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/importance">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/rev">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/status">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable>     </section>
<example><title>Example</title><p>The %select-atts; parameter entity is used
within the DITA DTDs as a common definition for attributes available to most
elements for you to enable the content for improved retrievability or for
selection. Some typical examples include:</p><codeblock>The &lt;keyword platform=&quot;Linux&quot;&gt;chmod&lt;/keyword&gt; command...
&lt;ph product=&quot;WhiteknuckleHandsoap&quot;&gt;Amalgamated Cleansers get the grime!&lt;/ph&gt;
&lt;msgph audience=&quot;programmer administrator&quot;&gt;Divide by -1 error.&lt;/msgph&gt;
&lt;ph otherprops=&quot;java&quot;&gt;When using Java, use the 
  &lt;apiname&gt;com.ibm.obscureclass&lt;/apiname&gt; to calculate the value.&lt;/ph&gt;
&lt;p importance=&quot;recommended&quot; rev=&quot;3.2&quot;&gt;Update anti-virus software often.&lt;/p&gt;</codeblock> Note
that, aside from those with pre-defined values, these attributes allow multiple
values. For example, the audience attribute in the example indicates that
the message is of interest to both programmers and administrators.</example>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004913?>
