<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="theconrefattribute" rev="1.1" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The conref attribute</title>
<shortdesc>This attribute is used to reference an ID on content that can be
reused. It allows reuse of DITA components from phrases to topics, as well
as maps and pieces of maps.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section>Full details on how to resolve the conref attribute can be found
in the DITA Architectural specification. This topic primarily includes information
on the actual syntax required when using the conref attribute. <note>When
using the conref attribute on an element, the content of that element is ignored.
For example, if a phrase is marked up like this:<codeblock>&lt;ph conref="#topic/ph">Something&lt;/ph></codeblock> the
word "Something" will be replaced by the target of the conref.</note></section>
<section><title>Using conref to refer to a topic</title><indexterm id="att-conref-topic">conref
attribute<indexterm>Reference to a topic</indexterm></indexterm><p>The conref
attribute may be specified on a topic element to pull in another topic. For
example, you could create a series of topics in a composite (ditabase) document
<?Pub Caret?>or nested context for authoring convenience and then reference
each topic individually into a new target location. During output processing,
a lookup process will pull the contents of the first topic into the calling
topic markup that has the conref attribute.</p><p>The conref value follows
the same conventions as HTML for normal file links. To refer to target content
in a different file, put the full URL of that topic before the # character.</p><pre>Target elsewhere in the same file: 
  conref=&quot;#topicid&quot;
First topic in different file: 
  conref=&quot;filename.xml&quot;
Specific topic in different file: 
  conref=&quot;filename.xml#topicid&quot;</pre></section>
<section><title>Using conref to refer to an element within a topic</title><indexterm
id="att-conref-element">conref attribute<indexterm>Reference to a topic fragment</indexterm></indexterm><p>The
conref attribute also allows you to reuse content within a topic. For example,
you could create a &lt;note&gt; in a topic and then reference its ID (using
conref) from a &lt;note&gt; in another topic. This allows the content of the
note to be used in both locations.</p><p>The value of conref is a URI that
includes (or consists entirely of) a  fragment identifier consisting a number
sign ('#') followed by the ID of the topic that contains the element that
is the target of the content reference, a slash ("/"), and  the ID of the
target element. If the URI consists of only a fragment  identifier, the target
element must be in the same XML document as the  reference.</p><pre>Local target: 
  conref=&quot;#topicid/elementid&quot;
In different file: 
  conref=&quot;filename.xml#topicid/elementid&quot;</pre></section>
<section><title>Using conref to refer to an element within a map</title><p><indexterm
id="att-conref-topicref">conref attribute<indexterm>Reference to a map fragment</indexterm></indexterm>Within
a map, the conref attribute references an equivalent element in  the same
map or another map. The value of conref is a URI that includes (or consists
 entirely of) a fragment identifier consisting of the number sign ('#') followed
by the ID of the target  element. If the URI consists of only a fragment identifier,
the target  element must be in the same XML document as the reference.</p><p>Note
that if the conref attribute is used on the map element itself, the attribute
may only point to a complete map in another file or resource.</p><pre>Local target:
  conref=&quot;#elementID&quot;
In different file:
  conref=&quot;othermap.ditamap#elementID&quot;</pre></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003942?>
