<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="localizing_formoreinfo">
	<title>For more information (localizing)</title>
	
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-05-01"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-13"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>localizing content</keyword>
				<keyword>globalizing content</keyword>
				<keyword>internationalizing content</keyword>
				<keyword>translating content</keyword>
				<indexterm>localizing (translating)<indexterm>more information about</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>for more information<indexterm>localizing (translating)</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<simpletable>
			<sthead>
				<stentry>Name, description</stentry>
				<stentry>Location</stentry>
			</sthead>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<p>
						<b>The Localization Industry Standards Association (LISA)</b> is an  international forum for organizations doing business globally. It has published a set of localization best practices that list the right and wrong ways to support international customers, products, and services.</p>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					<xref href="http://www.lisa.org/" format="html" scope="external"/>
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<p>
						<b>Globalization and Localization Association (GALA)</b> is a non-profit international industry association for the translation, internationalization, localization, and globalization industry. The association gives members a common forum to discuss issues, create innovative solutions, promote the industry, and present a joint voice within the industry and to the outside community.</p>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					<xref href="http://www.gala-global.org/" format="html" scope="external"/>
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<p>
						<b>ATA (American Translators Association)</b> is a professional association founded to advance the translation and interpreting professions and foster the professional development of individual translators and interpreters. Its members include translators, interpreters, teachers, project managers, web and software developers, language company owners, hospitals, universities, and government agencies.</p>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					<xref href="http://www.atanet.org/" format="html" scope="external"/>
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<p>
						<b>W3C internationalization activity</b> The W3C Internationalization Activity has the goal of proposing and coordinating any techniques, conventions, guidelines and activities within the W3C and together with other organizations that allow and make it easy to use W3C technology worldwide, with different languages, scripts, and cultures.
					</p>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					<xref href="http://www.w3c.org/International/" format="html" scope="external"/>
				</stentry>
			</strow>
		</simpletable>
	</conbody>
</concept>
