<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- The DOCTYPE statement declares the information type (in this case, DITA topic) and indicates the location of the document type
definition (DTD) for a DITA topic. The DITA Open Toolkit uses its catalog rather than the location information below to find the DTDs.
If your editor is also set up to use a catalog, you should get no validation errors as you work on these files.
If your editor is NOT set up to use a catalog, you must do one of the following to avoid editor validation errors: 
(1) configure your editor to use a catalog, 
(2) change the relative path below to indicate the current location of the DTDs, or 
(3) put the DTDs in the location indicated below.
-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<!-- This is a completed file -->
<task id="buying_cannedgoods_completed" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>Buying canned goods</title>
	<shortdesc>How to find and buy canned goods.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2006"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-August-07"/>
			<revised modified="2006-August-07"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>grocery shopping</keyword>
				<keyword>canned goods</keyword>
				<keyword>finding canned goods</keyword>
				<keyword>buying canned goods</keyword>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>Canned goods are usually stored on grocery store shelves by type of food—for example, all canned vegetables in one aisle and all canned fruits in another. Say you are looking for canned olives:</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Find the olive display by reading the directional signs or asking a store clerk for help.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
				<cmd>Locate the type of olives you want to buy: green or black.</cmd>
				<info>If you're looking for ingredients for a green salad, green olives might be a better choice. If you're making enchiladas, look for cans of black olives.</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Check the sizes and prices to determine the best buy.</cmd>
				<info>For example, if you're planning to make enchiladas tonight and tacos on Friday, a larger can would probably be a better buy.</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Select a can and look it over carefully to be sure it has no dents that would cause the seal to be broken.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Put the can in your cart, finish your shopping, and check out.</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
