<?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "../dtd/map.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<reference id="messages_other">
	<title>Messages generated from other sources</title>
	
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Richard Johnson</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anne Gentle</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-05-01"/>
			<revised modified="2007-08-20"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>troubleshooting the build process</keyword>
				<keyword>error message</keyword>
				<indexterm>messages<indexterm>produced by the Java infrastructure</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>error messages<indexterm>produced by the Java infrastructure</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section id="jmess">
			<title>Other Java messages</title>
			<p/>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Message text</stentry>
					<stentry>Action</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<msgph>
[xslt] : Warning! Failure reading file:... Cause: java.io.EOFException: no more input 
[xslt] 
</msgph>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>May occur with Toolkit messages. Check for an invalid file path in the input.
</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<msgph>
[pipeline] [Error] :13:39: Element type "..." must be declared.
</msgph>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>An error has occurred parsing a DTD.
</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<msgph>
[pipeline] [Error] :14:13: The content of element type "..." must match "...".
</msgph>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>An error has occurred parsing a DTD.
</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<msgph>
BUILD FAILED
C:\sandbox\ant\dotug_xhtml.xml:24: The following error occurred while executing this line:
C:\sandbox\build.xml:101: The following error occurred while executing this line:
java.lang.OutOfMemoryError
</msgph>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>Java does not have enough memory allocated to run the build. 
Change <parmname>ANT_OPTS</parmname> to a larger value, for example, <parmname>ANT_OPTS=-Xmx256M</parmname>. (The default value is 16M.)
</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<msgph>
Unable to instantiate specified logger class org.dita.log.DITAOTBuildLogger ...
</msgph>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>Check that your CLASSPATH variable contains dost.jar.
</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<msgph>
Can't find resource\messages.xml
</msgph>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>Check that your CLASSPATH variable contains dost.jar.
</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
	</refbody>
</reference>
