<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="addnon" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding non-DITA references</title>
<shortdesc>You can create references to non-DITA content using the <i>format</i> attribute.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topic references<indexterm>non-DITA</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>non-DITA topic references</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>Use non-DITA references when you are linking to PDFs or HTML files
that are part of your information set. Use the <i>format</i> attribute to
say what kind of content you're linking to. The <i>format</i> attribute isn't
necessary for links to external content, which are assumed to be non-DITA
by default.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Add a &lt;topicref> element to your map.</cmd><info>The element
is still called a &lt;topicref>, even though the target may not strictly be
a topic. This keeps things simple: all referencing from a map is done with &lt;topicref>s.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Define the location of the target in the <i>href</i> attribute.</cmd>
<info>The <i>href</i> takes a standard URL format. Typically it is a relative
path to the file.</info><stepxmp>For example, href="samples/mysamp.zip"</stepxmp>
</step>
<step><cmd>Provide a title for navigation purposes in the <i>navtitle</i> attribute.</cmd>
<info>For non-DITA references, you must provide a <i>navtitle</i>, or it will
default to the <i>href</i> value.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Add a &lt;topicmeta> element to the reference.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the &lt;topicmeta> element, define the &lt;linktext> and &lt;shortdesc>.</cmd>
<info>If you leave out the &lt;linktext> element, the contents of the <i>navtitle</i> attribute
will be used instead.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Set the <i>type</i> of the &lt;topicref>, if one applies.</cmd>
<info>The type information helps the output processes sort links appropriately.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set the <i>scope</i> to local if the content will be managed by
the current map, or peer if it will be added to the final information set
by a different process.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Set the <i>format</i> attribute to the kind of content you're linking
to.</cmd><stepresult>Setting it to anything except DITA tells the process
that the content can't be accessed. Setting it to PDF will also result in
the link opening a new window, unless you override it by explicitly setting
scope="local" or scope="peer".</stepresult></step>
</steps>
<result>You now have a reference to a non-DITA file. Currently, only graphics
files are copied to the output directory. Anything else that is referenced,
such as a ZIP, HTML, PDF, or Flash movie files are not copied to the output
directory. You will need to copy those files yourself, either outside or
after the IDWB process. The reference is ignored during PDF processing.</result>
<example><title>Examples</title><codeblock>&lt;topicref href="../samples/mysamp.zip" format="zip">
  &lt;linktext>Sample files&lt;/linktext>
  &lt;desc>All the files necessary for the exercise, in a zip file.&lt;/desc>
&lt;/topicref>

&lt;topicref href="readme.html" format="html">
  &lt;desc>Late-breaking news for the product.&lt;/desc>
&lt;/topicref>

&lt;topicref href="ditaguide.pdf" format="pdf">
  &lt;linktext>DITA User's Guide&lt;/linktext>
&lt;/topicref></codeblock></example>
<postreq>Typically you will not want to use a non-DITA reference as a container
for other references, since the output processes cannot add the links to children
that a container normally has.</postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
