<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="conrefmap" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Reusing parts of maps</title>
<shortdesc>You can reuse parts of maps to consolidate common navigation or
linking relationships, or to isolate parts of a map that are specific to a
particular output format or product deliverable.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>maps<indexterm>conref with</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>conref
in maps</indexterm><indexterm>reuse<indexterm>of parts of maps</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>The map you want to reuse content from must be available at build
time, unlike map reuse with the &lt;navref> and &lt;anchor> mechanisms used
for Eclipse navigation output.</prereq>
<context><p>The reusing element must be the same type as the reused element.
For example, you cannot <i>conref</i> directly from a &lt;topicref> element
to a &lt;topichead> element, but you can create a &lt;topicgroup> element
in both, and then use one from the other.</p><p>Both maps must be in the same
directory, otherwise any <i>href</i> attributes in the reused content will
be incorrect for the reusing map's location.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Identify the branch of the hierarchy that you want to reuse.</cmd>
<info>You cannot reuse &lt;reltable>s or &lt;relrow>s, only &lt;topicref>,
&lt;topicgroup>, and &lt;topichead> elements, with their children.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Add an ID to the &lt;topicref>, &lt;topicgroup>, or &lt;topichead>
element that contains the branch, or if the map is owned by another author,
ask the owner of the map to do so.</cmd><stepxmp>For example:<codeblock>&lt;topicref href="abc.dita" id="abc1">...&lt;/topicref></codeblock></stepxmp>
</step>
<step><cmd>Create an equivalent element without attributes or children in
your own map, at the point where you want to include the branch.</cmd><stepxmp>For
example, &lt;topicref/></stepxmp></step>
<step><cmd>Add a <i>conref</i> attribute to the element that points to the
other map by file name, and the target element by id.</cmd><stepxmp>For example:<codeblock>&lt;topicref conref="anothermap.ditamap#abc1"/></codeblock
></stepxmp><info>If you are pointing to a location in the same map, you can
omit the file name.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Build from your map or maplist as you would normally.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result>The target element and its children replace the referencing element
and are processed in place. </result>
</taskbody>
</task>
