<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="createhier" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating basic hierarchies</title>
<shortdesc>All types of hierarchy have the same basic behavior: they define
relationships, and can be used to manage output and metadata.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>hierarchies<indexterm>creating basic</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>basic hierarchies</indexterm><indexterm>creating basic hierarchies</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Create the hierarchy by nesting &lt;topicref> elements.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Set attributes on higher-level &lt;topicref>s to apply them to
the entire branch.</cmd><info>The following attributes are inheritable:<table
conref="../concepts/topichier.dita#topichier/inheritable">
<tgroup cols="1"><colspec colname="col1"/>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></info></step>
<step><cmd>Define families and sequences where siblings are closely related.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Use the processing attributes <i>toc</i>, <i>print</i>, and <i>linking</i> to
omit a &lt;topicref> and its descendants from a particular output process.</cmd>
<info>Descendants can use the same attributes to override the ancestor's value.</info>
<info><p>Avoid using processing attributes where possible: they make hierarchies
harder to interpret during authoring, and harder to maintain.</p></info></step>
</steps>
<example><title>Example: Inherited toc attribute</title>Given this hierarchy:<codeblock>&lt;topicref href="A.dita">
  &lt;topicref href="B.dita" toc="no">
    &lt;topicref href="C.dita">
      &lt;topicref href="D.dita" toc="yes">
        &lt;topicref href="E.dita"/>
      &lt;/topicref>
    &lt;/topicref>
  &lt;/topicref>
&lt;/topicref></codeblock>The output navigation will reference:<lines>A.dita
  D.dita
    E.dita</lines>B.dita is omitted because it has toc="no"; C.dita inherits
this value from B.dita. D.dita overrides the inherited value and sets it back
to toc="yes"; E.dita inherits the new value.</example>
</taskbody>
</task>
