<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="crereadmap" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating reading hierarchies</title>
<shortdesc>Organize your concepts, tasks, and reference topics into a single
hierarchy ordered for sequential reading.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>reading hierarchies<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>creating reading hierarchies</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>When you need to provide a printable version of your information,
you can choose to organize it for more sequential reading, as opposed to the
organization for retrieval and understanding represented by the type-based
hierarchies. It makes sense to develop the task, concept, and reference hierarchies
first, since they help you decide what topics are necessary, and provide the
analytic framework on which you can build a task-oriented Users Guide.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Create a DITA map file.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Copy in your task hierarchy.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Add concepts as children of high-level tasks, as siblings of tasks,
or as parents of low-level tasks.</cmd><info>In any case, make sure the concept
precedes the actual instructions to the user that the concept supports.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Add the reference topics that support the tasks as direct children
of the tasks themselves, or at the end of each high-level branch or section,
or in a separate appendix at the end.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Adjust the hierarchy to ensure you aren't too deeply nested.</cmd>
<info>Typically you can afford fewer nesting levels in print than online.</info>
<stepxmp>For example, an online task hierarchy might have four levels of nesting
while the PDF version might only have three.</stepxmp></step>
<step><cmd>Add a relationship table to support cross-references within the
hierarchy, such as from tasks to reference topics in the appendix.</cmd><info>Typically
you don't need to add links when the information is already close together,
for example on adjacent pages. The PDF output process won't process links
based on the hierarchy, but will process links from the relationship table.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Add index entries to the topicref's topicmeta elements.</cmd><info>You
can also author index entries directly in the topics, but authoring them in
the map lets you tailor the index entries to the particular collection of
topics.</info></step>
</steps>
<result>You now have a task-oriented reading hierarchy, suitable for use as
a minimalist task-oriented users guide, with its structure and content still
based on the original scenarios and task analysis that produced your task
flow and concept hierarchy.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
