<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="crerefmap" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating reference hierarchies</title>
<shortdesc>Identify and organize reference information for fast retrieval.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>creating reference hierarchies</indexterm><indexterm>reference
hierarchies<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Identify the categories of reference information you need to provide.</cmd>
<info><p>Any information about the product that needs to be described but
is not important enough for a task could be covered by reference information.
For example, command-line interfaces and APIs are common categories of reference
information.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Identify or develop the guidelines that apply to each category.</cmd>
<stepxmp>For example, if guidelines already exist for your product's command-line
interfaces, you should follow them; but if they don't, you should work with
your product documentation team to develop a set of guidelines to ensure that
the information is consistent and usable within the category.</stepxmp><info>Make
sure your guidelines do not break higher-level guidelines, such as the User
Assistance guidelines.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Create a DITA map file.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the map file, create topicrefs for each major category, with
the title of the category in the navtitle attribute.</cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Create subcategories or groupings of reference
information to help retrieval for new users who don't know the name of the
thing they're looking for.</cmd><stepxmp>For example, within a class library
APIs might be grouped by general usage, such as "String manipulation" and
"Entry forms".</stepxmp><info>Use nested &lt;topicref>s to identify the subcategories,
with the title in the <i>navtitle</i> attribute.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Create alphabetical listings of all topics within the major category.</cmd>
<info>Even if you provide logical groupings, you should still provide an alphabetical
listing as well to ease retrieval by experienced users.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Add an <i>href</i> attribute to each &lt;topicref> to point to
the equivalent reference topic.</cmd><info>You can use the map as a to-do
list to develop new reference topics, and as a way to validate that existing
reference topics have a place in the overall organization. The reference topics
for categories and subcategories don't need to contain much more than a short
description: on output, the online versions of these topics will contain summaries
of their children.</info></step>
</steps>
<result>You now have a map that can be used to generate reference navigation
for your information set, and add reference-related links among your reference
topics. Parent and child topics will link to each other.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
