<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="crinline" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating inline links</title>
<shortdesc>Add inline links within the main body of topic content using the
xref element.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>inline links<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>creating inline links</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>Inline links should be used very sparingly. They are appropriate
for linking to reference topics when you mention the subject, for example
linking from an API name to its reference topic. In most other
cases, you risk the user following the link to find out what the target contains,
and missing the information they need only a few lines further down.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Add an &lt;xref> element wherever you want the reference.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Provide the appropriate attributes and elements, based on the location
of the target:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>If the target is in another component and not available to the build
process, set scope="peer", and add text content for the cross reference. For
example, <codeph>the &lt;xref href="../../anothercomp/ref/theirapi.dita" scope="peer">foobar&lt;/xref>
class</codeph>.</choice>
<choice>If the target is external, like a Web site, set scope="external",
and add text content unless the <i>href</i> will do. For example, <codeph>&lt;xref
href="http://www.ibm.com" scope="external"/></codeph>.</choice>
<choice>If the target is in the same component and available to the build
process, specify only the <i>href</i> attribute: everything else can be retrieved
from the target. For example, <codeph>&lt;xref href="../ref/myapi.dita"/></codeph>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>If the target is non-DITA content, set the <i>format</i> attribute
to the kind of content, and provide some link text since it can't be retrieved
from the target.</cmd><stepxmp>For example, <codeph>&lt;xref href="../samples/simplecase.zip"
format="zip">Sample: Simple case&lt;/xref>.</codeph></stepxmp></step>
</steps>
<result>On output, link text will be retrieved from local cross-references,
but not from non-DITA, peer, or external references.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
