<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="filtcontent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Filtering content</title>
<shortdesc>You can choose to exclude content based on its metadata. By default,
all content is included.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>metadata attributes<indexterm>filtering on</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>filtering content</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>All the values in at least one attribute must be set to exclude for
an element to be filtered out.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Create a DITA Filter file:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Open the directory you want to add the file to in Windows Explorer.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Right-click and select <menucascade><uicontrol>New</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>DITA Filter File</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Give the file a descriptive name, like "admin-specific-build.ditaval".</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Open the file.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Define the property you want to exclude:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the attribute you want to exclude based on.</cmd><stepxmp>For
example, "audience".</stepxmp></substep>
<substep><cmd>Type the value you want to exclude.</cmd><stepxmp>For example,
"programmer".</stepxmp></substep>
<substep><cmd>Set the action to Exclude.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
<info>You need to define a separate property for each value you want to exclude.
For example, if you want to leave only administrator information, you need
to create separate exclude properties for each of the other audience values
you use, such as programmer and user.</info></step>
<step><cmd>When you publish output for the topic or map, specify the filter
file you want to use on the Transform page of the output options.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result>Content is excluded only when all the values in a single attribute
are set to exclude. For example, if you have a list item that applies to programmer
and administrator audiences, and you exclude programmers, the list item will
remain in the output since it still applies to administrators.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
