<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="reustopic" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Reusing topics</title>
<shortdesc>You can reuse topics in multiple maps, multiple places in the same
map, in different DITA files using <i>conref</i> (content referencing), or
in IBMIDDoc files using xmlobj.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>reuse<indexterm>of topics</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>copy-to
attribute</indexterm><indexterm>topics<indexterm>reuse of</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><p>When you reuse topics in multiple maps, you can either create
different versions of the topics by applying the different maps (getting different
navigation and different links), or build all the maps at the same time to
generate an aggregate version of the topic that is referenced by multiple
navigation files and has several sets of links. The links will be sorted the
same way (by type and by role) regardless of which map they came from.</p><p>If
you need to separate out the different versions of the topic, rather than
combining them on output, you can use the <i>copy-to</i> attribute on the &lt;topicref>
to provide a different file name for a particular instance of the topic in
the map. A copy of the topic is created during processing, and it gets the
links and appears in the navigation just as if it had been created manually
and referenced directly. Be very careful of this approach, however, as the
copied files will appear in search results as near-duplicates of the original,
with only their related links serving to differentiate them.</p><p>For example,
if the first occurrence of your topicref looks like this:<codeblock>&lt;topicref href="fred.dita" navtitle="Meet the Flintstones">
   &lt;topicref href="wilma.dita" navtitle="Fred's wife">
</codeblock>Then - you have it again later:<codeblock>&lt;topicref href="fred.dita" navtitle="Meet the Flintstones">
   &lt;topicref href="wilma.dita" navtitle="Fred's wife">
</codeblock>You'll get a message stating that the topic fred.dita occurs more
than once in your navigation map. All references to this topic will point
to the first occurrence.</p><p>Here is where you might want to use the copy-to
attribute; converting the second set of topicrefs to this:<codeblock>&lt;topicref href="fred.dita" <b>copy-to="fred2.dita"</b> navtitle="Meet the Flintstones">
   &lt;topicref href="wilma.dita" <b>copy-to="wilma2.dita"</b> navtitle="Fred's wife">
</codeblock>Now you will have a duplicate topic and no messages; links to
the second hierarchy (wilma2) go to fred2.</p><p>You can reuse
topics between DITA files, for example reusing a concept inside a tutorial,
in the same way that you reuse parts of topics.</p></context>
</taskbody>
</task>
