<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="maptuts" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Tutorials: Developing an information set with maps</title>
<shortdesc>These tutorials introduce you to DITA maps, and show you how to
apply them in developing a task-oriented, scenario-based, information-typed
Web and users guide.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>maps<indexterm>tutorials</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Before you start, you should be familiar with the following tasks
in your editor:<ul>
<li>Opening and saving new documents</li>
<li>Adding elements to documents</li>
<li>Adding attributes to elements</li>
<li>Creating output using IDWB</li>
</ul></prereq>
<context><p>Each of the tutorials has a matching sample. You will be copying
topic files from the sample so that you can see how the maps control the output
for topics. In addition, you can choose to skip portions of the tutorials
by copying the map content. See <xref href="samptopics.dita"></xref> for a
listing of the map portions of the samples.</p><p>The purpose of these tutorials
is not only to show how to use maps to build hierarchies and other kinds of
relationships, but to show how these relationships can be derived from an
understanding of user tasks, which in turn can be derived from an understanding
of usage scenarios through task analysis. This same understanding should inform
your entire information architecture, not just the information-type views
of your content but also print-oriented organizations optimized for sequential
reading.</p><p>The tutorials should be performed in sequence. Each tutorial
builds on the previous one. </p></context>
</taskbody>
</task>
