<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
     Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file in the
     main toolkit package for applicable licenses.-->
<!-- (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2010 All Rights Reserved. -->
<reference id="mymusicdirectoryinformation" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>mymusic/ directory information</title>
<shortdesc>The files in the mymusic directory are used to generate
topics using the songCollection specialization based on an iTunes
library.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><p>To generate your own online library, first export the
library from iTunes into the mymusic directory. Keep the default name
of Library.xml. Then, assuming you have the "full easy install" version
of the toolkit, simply run the music.xml file (or run the "run.bat"
batch file that calls the ant build). The library will be generated
in the music/ subdirectory; open index.html to view your files.</p><p>This
directory also contains the following important files:<ul>
<li>itunexslSimple\simplifyLibrary.xsl creates a simplified version
of the iTunes XSL that is easier to process in later steps.</li>
<li>itunexslSimple\customize.xsl allows you to specify playlists that
you want to show up in your library; it also lets you specify artists,
albums, or songs that you might not want to show off to your friends.</li>
<li>music\index.html sets up the frames for rendering your collection</li>
<li>music\musicbanner.html is a banner across the top of your collection
that lets you select an alternate view</li>
<li>music\musicmap2bandlist.xsl is used by the left-hand navigation;
it renders the ditamap as XHTML.</li>
<li>music\overview.html is the initial content frame displayed when
you view the collection.</li>
<li>music\starter.html is the initial navigation frame on the left.</li>
<li>music\view.xsl renders the topics in the main content frame.</li>
</ul></p></section><?Pub Caret -2?>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002133?>
