<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="trainingeducation">
	<title>Training and education</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-05-01"/>
			<revised modified="2007-06-27"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>DITA information source</keyword>
				<keyword>DITA Open Toolkit information source</keyword>
				<keyword>information source</keyword>
				<indexterm>DITA Open Toolkit<indexterm>getting information about</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>getting information about DITA Open Toolkit</indexterm>
				<indexterm>information about DITA Open Toolkit
				<indexterm>training and education</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p/>
		<simpletable>
			<sthead>
				<stentry>Description</stentry>
				<stentry>Information source</stentry>
			</sthead>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<p>
						<cite>
							<b>Introduction to DITA: </b>A User Guide to the Darwin Information Typing Architecture</cite>
					</p>
					<p>Book (level: beginner). Authors: Jennifer Linton and Kylene Bruski. Publisher: Comtech Services, Colorado, 2006. Task-oriented approach to learning DITA. Authored using DITA markup and methodology in a variety of XML editors. Published using the Blast Radius and Mekon FrameMaker plug-in in the DITA 1.2 Open Toolkit.</p>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					<xref href="http://www.comtech-serv.com" format="html" scope="external"/>
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<p>
						<cite>
							<b>Introduction to the Darwin Information Typing Architecture</b>
						</cite>
					</p>
					<p>Article (level: beginner). Authors: Eric Hennum, Don Day, John Hunt, and Dave Schell. Publisher: IBM, updated September 2005. Roadmap for the Darwin Information Typing Architecture: what it is and how it applies to technical documentation. Also a product of the architecture, having been written entirely in XML and produced using the principles described.</p>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					<xref href="http://www-128.ibm.com/developerworks/xml/library/x-dita1/" format="html" scope="external"/>
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<p>
						<cite>
							<b>Design patterns for information architecture with DITA map domains</b>
						</cite>
					</p>
					<p>Article (level: intermediate). Authors: Eric Hennum, Don Day, John Hunt, and Dave Schell. Publisher: IBM, updated September 2005. Explains the design technique for creating a DITA map domain.</p>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					<xref href="http://www-128.ibm.com/developerworks/xml/library/x-dita7/" format="html" scope="external"/>
				</stentry>
			</strow>
			<strow>
				<stentry>
					<p>
						<cite>
							<b>An XML-based information architecture for learning content</b>
						</cite>
					</p>
					<p>Part 1: A DITA specialization design. Article (level: intermediate). Authors: Robert Bernard and John P. Hunt. Publisher: IBM, August 2005. How topic-based DITA XML can provide the basis for developing an information architecture for single-sourced XML learning content.</p>
				</stentry>
				<stentry>
					<xref href="http://www-128.ibm.com/developerworks/xml/library/x-dita9a/" format="html" scope="external"/>
				</stentry>
			</strow>
		</simpletable>
	</conbody>
</concept>
