<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
     Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file in the
     main toolkit package for applicable licenses.-->
<!-- (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2005, 2009 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE tutorialLesson PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Tutorial Lesson//EN"
 "tutorialLesson.dtd">
<tutorialLesson id="meal-lesson-menu" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Lesson 1.1: Selecting the menu</title>
<abstract><shortdesc>In this lesson, you will learn about
menu selection and how to put together the menu for your PB&amp;J
meal.</shortdesc></abstract>
<taskbody>
<context>Menu selection is critical to the success of a meal. You
might whip up the best PB&amp;J sandwich ever, but if you serve it
with orange juice instead of milk, or broccoli instead of chips and
salsa, your PB&amp;J is toast. </context>
</taskbody>
<concept id="menu-a">
<title>About menus</title>
<shortdesc>A menu is a list of the food items being served for a particular
meal. Depending on the cuisine, the menu will consist of different
courses. Because a PB&amp;J meal is distinctly its own cuisine, you
must be fairly cautious with your selection.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>A PB&amp;J meal should include at least the following courses.<ul>
<li>Appetizer: chips and salsa</li>
<li>Entree (main dish): the sandwich</li>
<li>Dessert: cookies</li>
</ul>Additionally, a PB&amp;J meal should be served with a smooth,
natural, creamy beverage that is noncarbonated and high in fat. Cow's
milk is the obvious choice, with its flavor and texture characteristics
that complement both the PB&amp;J sandwich and the cookie dessert.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<task id="menu-b">
<title>Writing the menu</title>
<taskbody>
<context>Putting the menu on paper solidifies your commitment to the
meal and moves you closer to the implementation phase.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>On a piece of paper, write down the following meal courses:</cmd>
<choicetable>
<chrow><choption>Appetizer</choption><chdesc>Chips and salsa</chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow><choption>Main dish</choption><chdesc>Peanut butter and jelly</chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow><choption>Dessert</choption><chdesc>Easy-bake cookies (frozen)</chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow><choption>Beverage</choption><chdesc>Milk (2%)</chdesc></chrow>
</choicetable>
</step>
<step><cmd>Place the menu on your refrigerator at eye level using
a fridge magnet.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<tutorialSummary id="meal-summary">
<title>Lesson checkpoint</title>
<shortdesc>You learned the following lessons:</shortdesc>
<tutorialSummaryBody>
<lessonsLearned><ul>
<li>The importance of menu selection</li>
<li>The critical courses for a PB&amp;J sandwich meal</li>
<li>The beverage of choice to go with a PB&amp;J</li>
</ul></lessonsLearned>
</tutorialSummaryBody>
</tutorialSummary>
</tutorialLesson>
