<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
     Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file in the
     main toolkit package for applicable licenses.-->
<!-- (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2005, 2009 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE tutorialLesson PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Tutorial Lesson//EN"
 "tutorialLesson.dtd">
<tutorialLesson id="meal-lesson-serving" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Lesson 2.2: Serving the food</title>
<abstract><shortdesc>In this lesson, you will learn the
finer points of serving a prepared PB&amp;J meal.</shortdesc></abstract>
<taskbody>
<context>Now that your food is prepared, you face the moment of truth
when you place your masterpiece in front of hungry, yet critical,
palates. Proper placement and presentation of your prepared food will
make all the difference.<p>To serve the PB&amp;J meal to your patrons:</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Place the bag of chips and the bowl of salsa in the center
of the table.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Place a plate in front of each person. On each plate, make
sure you add the following items:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>PB&amp;J sandwich (centered)</choice>
<choice>Cookie (aligned left)</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Place a glass of milk above and to the right of each plate.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<result>Your meal is now complete and ready to be enjoyed by your
patrons. Don't forget to gather feedback for future meals. If feedback
is not freely offered, feel free to casually solicit comments.</result>
</taskbody>
<tutorialSummary id="serve-summary">
<title>Lesson checkpoint</title>
<shortdesc>In this lesson, you finally reaped the dividends from your
planning and preparation. You served a complete PB&amp;J meal!</shortdesc>
<tutorialSummaryBody>
<lessonsLearned><ul>
<li>You learned how to serve the meal to your patrons.</li>
<li>You learned about soliciting feedback.</li>
</ul></lessonsLearned>
</tutorialSummaryBody>
</tutorialSummary>
</tutorialLesson>
