<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<task id="processing_PDEeclipsehelp">
	<title>Processing to Eclipse help targets using Eclipse</title>
	
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Richard Johnson</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2006"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-June-14"/>
			<revised modified="2006-August-08"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>processing DITA file</keyword>
				<keyword>building DITA file</keyword>
				<keyword>PDEclipse help</keyword>
				<indexterm>processing (building)<indexterm>to Eclipse targets using Eclipse</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>building (processing)<indexterm>to Eclipse targets using Eclipse</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>PDEclipse help</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.3"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq>This topic assumes you are already familiar with the Eclipse environment and know how to develop Eclipse plug-ins.</prereq>
		<context>This topic assumes you want to author DITA topics making up an Eclipse help plug-in using Eclipse to both edit and build the content.</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Start Eclipse and create a new Eclipse plug-in development project.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Apply the DITA template to the new project. This causes the template wizard to start.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>In the wizard, set:</cmd>
				<info>
					<ul>
						<li>the source directory</li>
						<li>the DITA map file</li>
						<li>the output directory</li>
						<li>the CSS directory</li>
						<li>the name of any customized CSS file</li>
						<li>the name of any ditaval file</li>
					</ul>
				</info>
				<stepresult>The main DITA map will be created in the source directory and <filepath>build.xml</filepath> will be created in the root directory.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Edit one or more DITA topic files in the source directory.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Update the DITA map file to include the topics created.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Select <filepath>build.xml</filepath> and run it with Ant.</cmd>
				<stepresult>The DITA output should now be in the output directory.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Edit the plug-in description in the plug-in editor, referring to the TOC files generated in the output directory.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Update the build property file to include all the output files.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Export the output files to a document plug-in.</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
