<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="features" xml:lang="en">
  <title>Features of the DITA Open Toolkit</title>
  <titlealts>
    <navtitle>Features</navtitle>
  </titlealts>
  <shortdesc>The DITA Open Toolkit is primarily a publishing tool – it is intended to convert DITA
    content into various output formats. This topic describes which versions of DITA are supported
    as input; it also describes the output formats available in a default installation.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <section>
      <title>Supported versions of DITA</title>
      <p>The toolkit supports all standard versions of DITA, including 1.0, 1.1, and 1.2. In
        addition, it will still process documents that were written according to the pre-OASIS
        version of DITA, often called "dita132".</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Supported transformation types</title>
      <p>The following transformation types are
      supported out of the box with any toolkit installation.</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>PDF / PDF2</dt>
          <dd>PDF output is based on a plug-in that produces XSL-FO output. The XSL-FO output may be
            converted to PDF using an open source tools (Apache FOP) or using commercial tools such
            as RenderX or Antenna House. This transformation type replaced an older demo PDF
            transform, and is often called "PDF2".</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>XHTML</dt>
          <dd>XHTML output is supported together with a variety of XHTML-based navigation types.
            Navigation is not required. The XHTML output contains class values based on the DITA
            elements so CSS files may be used to customize the output style.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Eclipse Help</dt>
          <dd>Eclipse output is an XHTML based format that also produces navigation and index files
            for use with Eclipse information centers.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>TocJS</dt>
          <dd>The TocJS transformation type includes XHTML output along with JavaScript based frames
            for navigation, including TOC sections that expand and collapse.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>HTML Help</dt>
          <dd>HTML Help output produces a compiled help (CHM) file with the XHTML topics, table of
            contents, and index.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Java Help</dt>
          <dd>Java Help includes a table of contents and index for use with the Java Help
            platform.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>ODT (Open Document)</dt>
          <dd>ODT is a document format based on the ODF standard, for use with tools like Open
            Office. Support for ODT was added in DITA-OT 1.5.2.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>WordRTF</dt>
          <dd>RTF output is supported for basic content, but complex markup and some advanced
            features of DITA may not be supported.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>TROFF</dt>
          <dd>TROFF based man pages are supported; one man page is generated for each input topic.
            Note that tables are not supported by this transformation type.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>New transformation types</dt>
          <dd>The toolkit’s plug-in mechanism allows new transformation types to be added. Note that
            both TocJS and PDF2 were originally separately installable plug-ins, which became
            widespread enough that they are now bundled together with the default toolkit
            installation.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
