<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<task id="creatingmaps" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>Creating maps</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Richard Johnson</author>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-06-14"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-17"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>map</keyword>
				<keyword>ditamap</keyword>
				<keyword>grocery shopping sample</keyword>
				<indexterm>maps<indexterm>creating</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>creating<indexterm>maps</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>ditamaps<indexterm>creating</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>creating<indexterm>ditamaps</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>In this topic you will create a map to aggregate the topics you created in the previous chapter. 
		The map is based on a template already provided.
		The map file includes topicrefs to the topics you want to aggregate, process, and publish, and also a relationship table to link the included topics
		in a meaningful way. 
		You will be working in the <filepath>DITASAMPLE_GROCERY_SOURCE</filepath> directories. 
		This topic assumes you are familiar with the information in 
		<xref href="../topics/aboutgroceryshopping_sample.dita" scope="local">About the grocery shopping sample</xref>, and that you have created the topics according to the instructions in <xref href="../topics/topics.dita" scope="local">Topics</xref>.</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Go to the <filepath>template</filepath> directory.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Copy the <filepath>groceryshopping_map.ditamap</filepath> file to the <filepath>working</filepath> directory .</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Using your authoring tool, open the "working" version of <filepath>groceryshopping_map.ditamap</filepath>.</cmd>
				<info>Your working map file initially looks like this:
				<codeblock>
&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?&gt;
&lt;!DOCTYPE map PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Map//EN" "../dtd/map.dtd"&gt;
&lt;!-- This is a template file --&gt;
&lt;!-- The "groceryshopping" topic page is a mini-toc for 
the concept, task, and reference pages, 
which are displayed sequentially. 
You could display those pages in any order. --&gt;
&lt;map title="Grocery shopping"&gt;
&lt;topicref href="topics/groceryshopping.dita" type="topic"&gt;
&lt;!-- The concept, task, and reference topicrefs go here --&gt;
&lt;/topicref&gt;
&lt;!-- The relationship table goes below --&gt;
&lt;!-- The related concept, task, 
          and reference files point to each other --&gt;
&lt;/map&gt;
				</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Add nested topicrefs for your concept, reference and task files.</cmd>
				<info>The topicref section of your file should look like this:
				<codeblock>
&lt;topicref href="topics/groceryshopping.dita" type="topic"&gt;
&lt;topicref href="concepts/about_produce.dita" type="concept"/&gt;
&lt;topicref href="concepts/about_cannedgoods.dita" type="concept"/&gt;
&lt;topicref href="tasks/choosing_produce.dita" type="task"/&gt;
&lt;topicref href="tasks/buying_cannedgoods.dita" type="task"/&gt;
&lt;topicref href="reference/produce.dita" type="reference"/&gt;
&lt;topicref href="reference/cannedgoods.dita" type="reference"/&gt;
&lt;/topicref&gt;
				</codeblock>
				The concepts, tasks, and reference topics will all be nested within the groceryshopping topic. 
				Notice how nesting is accomplished: the closing topicref tag for the groceryshopping topic appears below the topicref for cannedgoods.
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Below the relationship table comment lines, add a relationship table linking your produce and canned goods topics together.</cmd>
				<info>The relationship table section of your file should look like this:
				<codeblock>
&lt;!-- Relationship table --&gt;
&lt;!-- The related concept, task, and reference files point to each other --&gt;
&lt;reltable&gt;
&lt;relheader&gt;
&lt;relcolspec type="concept"/&gt;
&lt;relcolspec type="task"/&gt;
&lt;relcolspec type="reference"/&gt;
&lt;/relheader&gt;
&lt;relrow&gt;
&lt;relcell&gt;
&lt;topicref href="concepts/about_produce.dita"/&gt;
&lt;/relcell&gt;
&lt;relcell&gt;
&lt;topicref href="tasks/choosing_produce.dita"/&gt;
&lt;/relcell&gt;
&lt;relcell&gt;
&lt;topicref href="reference/produce.dita"/&gt;
&lt;/relcell&gt;
&lt;/relrow&gt;
&lt;relrow&gt;
&lt;relcell&gt;
&lt;topicref href="concepts/about_cannedgoods.dita"/&gt;
&lt;/relcell&gt;
&lt;relcell&gt;
&lt;topicref href="tasks/buying_cannedgoods.dita"/&gt;
&lt;/relcell&gt;
&lt;relcell&gt;
&lt;topicref href="reference/cannedgoods.dita"/&gt;
&lt;/relcell&gt;
&lt;/relrow&gt;
&lt;/reltable&gt;
				</codeblock>
				Because we have concept, task, and reference information for each conceptual "topic" (the topics would be "canned goods" and "produce") in our document, we have chosen a three-column table that links all the topics about canned goods, and also links all the topics about produce. There are other ways to design a relationship table.
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Save the changed file.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>If you have problems creating or validating your working file, compare it with the file by the same name in the <filepath>completed</filepath> directory.</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
