<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="processing_multilevel" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>Processing using multilevel maps</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Richard Johnson</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2007-04-15"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-18"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>map</keyword>
				<keyword>ditamap</keyword>
				<keyword>multilevel map</keyword>
				<indexterm>processing (building)<indexterm>using multilevel maps</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>multilevel maps, processing using</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>You can have multilevel maps in DITA projects. Multilevel maps help to organize larger projects (those 50-100 topics or larger).</p>
		<p>The following figures show a complete example.</p>
		<p>
		The figure below shows an annotated version of the top-level map ("master map"). 
		Note that you need to include the format="ditamap" attribute statement in each reference to a lower-level map.
		<codeblock>
		&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?&gt;
&lt;!DOCTYPE map PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Map//EN" "../dtd/map.dtd"&gt;
&lt;!-- This is the project's master map --&gt;
&lt;!-- Each of the three sections of the document has its own map --&gt;
&lt;map title="Sample master map" id="master_map"&gt;
&lt;!-- Basic section --&gt;
&lt;!-- You must include the format="ditamap" attribute in each of the references below. --&gt;
&lt;topicref href="basic/basic_map.ditamap" format="ditamap"/&gt;
&lt;!-- Advanced section --&gt;
&lt;topicref href="advanced/advanced_map.ditamap" format="ditamap"/&gt;
&lt;!-- Glossary --&gt;
&lt;topicref href="glossary/glossary_map.ditamap" format="ditamap"/&gt;
&lt;/map&gt;
		</codeblock>
		</p>
		<p>
		The figure below shows one of the lower-level maps (for the "advanced" section of the document). Notice that the topics containing content are nested within a container ("landing-page") topic that contain <i>no</i> content. This convention is not required, but it may help to group topics with related content.
		<codeblock>
&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?&gt;
&lt;!DOCTYPE map PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Map//EN" "../dtd/map.dtd"&gt;
&lt;map title="Advanced section" id="advanced_map"&gt;
&lt;!-- The topic titled advanced.dita is a landing page or container topic. It has no content. --&gt;
&lt;topicref href="advanced.dita"&gt;
&lt;!-- The topic titled about_advanced.dita is an introductory topic for the advanced section
may have all or part of its content conref'ed from the glossary section of the document. --&gt;
&lt;!-- Notice that about_advanced.dita and the other topics below are nested within the container topic. --&gt;
&lt;topicref href="about_advanced.dita"/&gt;
&lt;!-- Topic1 and topic2 are other topics in the advanced section. --&gt;
&lt;topicref href="about_topic1.dita"/&gt;
&lt;topicref href="about_topic2.dita"/&gt;
&lt;/topicref&gt;
&lt;/map&gt;
		</codeblock>
		</p>
	</conbody>
</concept>
