<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="AccessGraphsCharts" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Accessibility: Graphs and Charts</title>
<shortdesc>This describes techniques and implementation tips to meet IBM Web
Accessibility for graphs and charts.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Accessibility<indexterm>Graphs and Charts</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>Graphs and Charts<indexterm>Accessibility</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Techniques for Graphs and Charts</title><p><b>Sources</b>: <xref
format="html" href="http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG10-TECHS/#def-text-equivalent"
scope="external">Techniques for Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 1.0 -
Text equivalents</xref> at  <cite>http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG10-TECHS/#def-text-equivalent</cite> <xref
format="html" href="http://www.shef.ac.uk/cics/accessibility/graphs.html"
scope="external">Making Web Pages Accessible to All</xref> at  <cite>http://www.shef.ac.uk/cics/accessibility/graphs.html</cite></p><p>Graphs
and charts, being visual representations of data, present obvious problems
for people with vision disabilities. If the data displayed in the graphic
is included in the page text then that is fine, but in most cases charts and
graphs contain information in addition to that referred to in the main text.
To get around this, the information should be summarized in some form or presented
in an alternative form.</p><p>Since text content can be presented to the user
as synthesized speech or Braille, visually displayed text and text equivalents
are required for graphics and audio information.  <b>Text equivalents</b> must
be written so that they convey all essential content.  <b>Non-text equivalents</b> (for
example, an auditory description of a visual presentation, a video of a person
telling a story using sign language as an equivalent for a written story,
and so on) also improve accessibility for people who cannot access visual
information or written text, including many individuals with blindness, cognitive
disabilities, learning disabilities, and deafness.</p></section>
<section><title>Implementation tips</title><p>Adapted from 
<b>Source:</b>  
<xref format="html" href="http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG10-TECHS/#def-text-equivalent"
scope="external">Techniques for Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 1.0 -
Text equivalents</xref>
 at <cite>http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG10-TECHS/#def-text-equivalent</cite></p><p>Equivalent
information may be provided in a number of ways, including through attributes
(for example, a text value for the "alt" attribute in HTML, DITA and SMIL
or the "textalt" attribute in IBMIDDoc), as part of element content (for example,
the OBJECT in HTML), as part of the document's text, or via a linked document
(for example, designated by the "longdesc" attribute in HTML or a description
link (D-link)). Depending on the complexity of the equivalent, it may be necessary
to combine techniques (for example, use "alt" for an abbreviated equivalent,
which is useful to familiar readers; in addition to "longdesc" for a link
to more complete information, which is useful to first-time readers).</p><p>The
method you use would depend on the amount of information to be provided and
the most practical way of providing it. For example, if most of the information
about a graphic is in the document's text, the text could be enhanced to include
the extra information that is conveyed by the graphic. No doubt, it would
be a little redundant for sighted users, but it would be more practical than
providing it via a D-link or longdesc. It would save time (by avoiding an
extra click of the mouse), and it would save overhead by not having an extra
file to maintain.</p><p>The CORDA Technologies company provides tools such
as <ph>PopChart</ph>  that makes accessible charts and graphs with descriptive
text and charts.</p></section>
<section><title>Making documentation with explanatory notes more usable for
visually impaired users</title><p>Usability studies have shown that visually
impaired users found explanatory notes that accompanied examples more useful
when they were placed after the examples. This could translate as best practice
for graphs and charts as well -- we should ensure that the user has enough
background information about the graph or chart or image, before going into
specifics about it.  For example, a graph or chart could be described in the
text of the document, and then be placed in the document, following which
more information about it could be provided either in the text that follows
the graph or in screen reader-accessible formats such as <systemoutput>alt</systemoutput> text,

<systemoutput>longdesc</systemoutput> descriptions, or D-links.</p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
