<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="AccessFrames" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Accessibility: Frames</title>
<shortdesc>This describes techniques and implementation tips to meet IBM Web
Accessibility for frames.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Accessibility<indexterm>frames</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>frames<indexterm>Accessibility</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>Frames are often used to separate banner, navigation, and content
sections. Frames can present challenges to users of screen readers such as
JAWS and IBM Home Page Reader and text-only browsers such as Lynx if you do
not provide proper accessibility support. The primary problem with frames
is that navigating within a frameset can be disorienting if each frame does
not have a meaningful name. If you properly support frame naming, users will
be able to select the frame that contains the information that they want.</p><p>Screen
readers name each frame even if you do not actively provide the frames with
one. Screen readers use a variety of sources to get a frame name such as the
name or title attribute in the frame, the title in the source HTML file, or
even the name of the source HTML file. The sources and the order in which
sources are consulted varies from screen reader to screen reader. For example,
Home Page Reader uses the title of the source HTML file to name a frame. If
it does not find a title, Home Page Reader uses the title attribute in the
frame. If neither titles are available, Home Page Reader uses the frame's
name attribute. As a final option, Home Page Reader uses the file name. Note
that this final option is considered not accessible.</p><p>Frames are often
used in complex interfaces such as document delivery systems like Information
Centers and Eclipse (WebSphere Workbench Studio) Help systems. The frames
used in these systems are handled by the framework and the accessibility of
these frames is determined by the framework. Authors delivering content in
these systems in the form of documentation plug-ins do not need to do anything
in their pages to make the frames accessible.</p><p>Clearly identifying each
frame with a meaningful description provides a way for users to efficiently
identify and select the one they want.</p></section>
<section><title>Implementing accessible frames</title><p>To implement accessible
frames, the minimum that you must do is:</p><ul>
<li>Provide meaningful  <systemoutput>name</systemoutput> and  <systemoutput>title</systemoutput> attributes
for each frame.</li>
<li>Provide a meaningful title in the source HTML file for each frame.</li>
<li>Set the source of the frame to an HTML page.</li>
</ul><p>Additionally, providing a NOFRAMES element to support browsers that
do not support frames is useful but not required for accessibility.  More
specifically, the NOFRAMES element is no longer required by common screen
readers such as IBM HomePage Reader or JAWS as they now support frames.  
As a side note, a number of web programs or agents (webcrawlers, spiders,
site search indexers) to not support frames, and so the NOFRAMES element may
be the easiest way to get such programs to the content you want found.</p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
