<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="AccessImages" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Accessibility: Images</title>
<shortdesc>This describes techniques and implementation tips to meet IBM Web
Accessibility for images.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Accessibility<indexterm>Images</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>Images<indexterm>Accessibility:</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Using images</title><ul>
<li>Use only graphics that enhance content or help improve the user's understanding.</li>
<li>To minimize download time, limit the number of graphics and keep their
file size small.</li>
<li>Avoid putting graphics on pages where search results are returned.</li>
</ul><p>Different types of images include simple images, icons and buttons,
complex images, image links, input images, and decorative images. Depending
on the type of image, you can use one or more of the techniques described
below to make the image accessible:</p><ul>
<li>Alt text</li>
<li>Long description</li>
<li>Description link (D-link)</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Implementing alt text</title><indexterm>alt text</indexterm><indexterm>images,
alt text</indexterm><indexterm>alternative text for images</indexterm><indexterm>text,
alt</indexterm><p>Alternative (Alt) text is implemented using the:<ul>
<li>Alt attribute in HTML</li>
<li>Alt element in DITA</li>
<li>Textalt element in IBMIDDOC</li>
</ul></p><p>Alt text is short, meaningful text that explains an image or its
function. Rather than describe the image itself, alt text describes the information
that the image provides, and explains any important relationships between
the components of the image. All images should have alt text.</p><p>Use alt
text to provide text equivalents for images that have significant content.
Consider including an introductory phrase such as <q>Figure shows...</q> to
make it clear that a description is being provided. User feedback varies regarding
the helpfulness of including additional text such as <q>begin description</q> and <q>end
description</q> to identify and explain images. Since some assistive technologies
let the user control whether the assistive device says <q>graphic</q> in front
of an image, so adding <q>begin description</q> and <q>end description</q> to
the alt text is not generally recommended at the present time.</p><p>If an
image does not convey any content (for example, a purely decorative graphic
or an invisible spacer graphic used to control page layout), or if the image
is redundant to a text link, use the null alt text (alt="") attribute. For
example, the IBM intranet has both a BluePages image link and a BluePages
text link; to avoid having the user hear <q>bluepages</q> <q>bluepages</q> (and
making the links list longer than necessary), you should code a null for the
alt text.</p><p>In cases where an image is adequately explained in the surrounding
text and no additional explanation is needed, use either null alt text or
very brief alt text such as <q>This figure is described in the surrounding
text</q> (to help the user pay attention to the surrounding text). Alt text
that is wordier (for example, <q>This figure is a graphical representation
of the information just described</q>) or uninformative (for example, <q>No
additional description is available for this figure</q>) is not useful.</p><p>Alt
text character limits vary depending on the assistive technology being used.
WAI guidelines recommend using less than 150 characters. If an image is too
complex to explain within these limits, consider using a long description
or description link (D-link), as described later in this document.</p></section>
<section><title>Code example: DITA</title><p>When using graphic objects in
DITA, set the alt element on the image tag. For example:<codeblock>&lt;image href="hatchet.gif">
 &lt;alt>Flint Fist Hatchet of the Early Stone Age&lt;/alt>
&lt;/image></codeblock></p></section>
<section><title>Code example: IBMIDDOC</title><p>When using graphic objects
in SGML markup, declare them as entities using an entity declaration. Use
the notation "graphics" on the declaration. Set the alt text through the textalt
element. For example:<codeblock>&lt;!entity flint hatchet "hatchet.gif" ndata graphics&gt;
.
.
.
&lt;mmobj&gt;
&lt;objref obj="hatchet"&gt;
&lt;textalt&gt;Flint Fist Hatchet of the Early Stone Age&lt;/textalt&gt;
&lt;/mmobj&gt;
</codeblock> </p></section>
<section><title>Code example: HTML</title><codeblock>&lt;img src="hatchet.gif" 
     alt="Flint Fist Hatchet of the Early Stone Age"&gt;</codeblock> </section>
<section><title>Implementing long descriptions</title><indexterm>long descriptions</indexterm><indexterm>longdescs</indexterm><indexterm>images,
longdescs</indexterm><indexterm>descriptions, long</indexterm><p>A long description
is descriptive text stored in a separate file that can be accessed via a text
link. Consider using a long description when alt text alone is not sufficient
to make a complex image accessible, or when it is not desirable to include
a description in the surrounding text. If the image is adequately explained
in the surrounding text, a long description is not required.</p><p>Since the
Lynx text browser does not support (or plan to support) long descriptions,
a description link (D-link) should be used in conjunction with the long description.
The D-link provides a text link (typically, the letter "D") that appears near
the graphic and lets the user know that they can navigate to a description
of the graphic.</p><p>When providing a link to more information, make sure
you include a link back to exactly where the user was in the preceding page.</p></section>
<section><title>Code example: HTML</title><codeblock>&lt;img src="hatchet.gif" longdesc="hatchet_desc.html"
alt="Flint Fist Hatchet of the Early Stone Age"&gt;</codeblock><p>The descriptive
file hatchet_desc.html would look something like this:</p><codeblock>&lt;h1&gt;Flint Fist Hatchet Description&lt;/h1&gt;
&lt;p&gt;This figure shows an oval rock. The top of the rock
is in its natural state, but down towards the bottom, bits of rock
have been chipped away, until the bottom has become thin, pointed,
and sharp.&lt;/p&gt;</codeblock> </section>
<section><title>Code example: IBMIDDOC</title><codeblock>&lt;prolog&gt;
&lt;imagedescs&gt;
&lt;longdesc id="flinthatchet"&gt;
&lt;title&gt;Flint Hatchet Description&lt;/title&gt;
&lt;p&gt;This figure shows an oval rock. The top of the rock
is in its natural state, but down towards the bottom, bits of rock
have been chipped away, until the bottom has become thin, pointed,
and sharp.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/longdesc&gt;
&lt;/imagedescs&gt;
&lt;/prolog&gt;
...
&lt;mmobj longdescid="flinthatchet"&gt;
&lt;objref obj="hatchet"&gt;
&lt;textalt&gt;Flint Fist Hatchet of the Early Stone
Age&lt;/textalt&gt;
&lt;/mmobj&gt;</codeblock></section>
<section><title>Code example: DITA</title><p>In the example below, the longdescref
attribute points to a separate DITA topic file that contains the text description
of the hatchet image. The image description link is displayed and spoken in
an audible Web browser such as Home Page Reader, but not in visual Web browsers
such as Internet Explorer or Netscape. The name of this sample file is <q>bats.dita</q>;
it will be used in the DITA map in the next example.<codeblock>&lt;fig id="figbat">
 &lt;title>Your cute, furry bat&lt;/title>
 &lt;image href="batpic.gif" <b>longdescref="batpicdesc.dita"</b> placement="break">
  &lt;alt>Picture of my cute bat being held&lt;/alt>
 &lt;/image>
&lt;/fig></codeblock> </p><p>You need to also add the long description topic
to your DITA map. A best practice is to gather your long description topics
together in a TopicGroup element at the end of your map's navigation section.
You typically do not want the long description topic in your navigation, or
in a hardcopy PDF of your information. You also do not want the long description
topic appearing as a child link. Here is an example of a TopicGroup element
with a few TopicRef elements that reference long description topics. Note
the attributes for linking, print, and toc on the TopicGroup element. These
apply to the contained TopicRefs (as those attributes are inherited; are defaults;
for the nested elements).<codeblock>&lt;map title="Bats">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="bats.dita" navtitle="Bats">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="batcaring.dita" navtitle="Caring for your fruit bat">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="batcleaning.dita" navtitle="Cleaning your fruit bat">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="batfeeding.dita" navtitle="Feeding your bat">&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="batsonar.dita" navtitle="Bat sonar">&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="batguano.dita" navtitle="Bat guano">&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="bathistory.dita" navtitle="Bat history">&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="batreuse.dita" navtitle="Bat recycling">&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicgroup <b>linking="none" print="no" toc="no"</b>>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="batpicdesc.dita" navtitle="Bat picture description">&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;/topicgroup>
&lt;/map>              </codeblock></p></section>
<section><title>Implementing description links (D-links)</title><p>A description
link (D-link) points to a separate file containing descriptive text. A description
link typically uses a visible letter "D" (placed next to the image) as the
link text. Consider using a description link when alt text alone is not sufficient
to make a complex image accessible, or when it is not desirable to include
a description in the surrounding text. The small nature of the link text helps
minimize the visual affect of the link on the appearance of the page. If the
image is adequately explained in the surrounding text, a description link
(D-link) is not required.</p><p>When providing a link to more information,
make sure you include a link back to exactly where the user was in the preceding
page.</p></section>
<section><title>Code example: HTML</title><codeblock>&lt;img src="hatchet.gif" alt="Flint Fist Hatchet of the
Early Stone Age"&gt;
&lt;a href="hatchet_desc.html"&gt;D&lt;/a&gt;</codeblock><p>An invisible D-link
is a small (1-pixel) or transparent image whose alt text attribute is "D-link"
or "D" and points to a separate descriptive file. The .gif file should be
transparent so that the background shows through it, and it doesn't interfere
with the visual appearance of the page.</p><codeblock>&lt;img src="hatchet.gif" alt="Flint Fist Hatchet of the
Early Stone Age"&gt;
&lt;a href="hatchet_desc.html"&gt;
&lt;img src="c.gif" alt="Link to description of hatchet"
width="1" height="1" border="0"&gt;&lt;/a&gt;</codeblock><p>The W3C does not
recommend using invisible description links, and recommends the use of long
descriptions instead. However, since IBM requires that a description link
be used in conjunction with a long description, it is acceptable to use the
invisible D-link technique.</p></section>
<section><title>Code example: IBMIDDOC</title><p>D-links are now referred
to as image description links in IBMIDDOC.</p><p>The code below points to
a longdesc that contains the long description of the image. When Home Page
Reader encounters the longdesc attribute, it generates an image description
link that is visible and audible in the screen reader. However, the link is
not displayed or heard in Internet Explorer or Netscape.</p><codeblock>&lt;prolog&gt;
....
&lt;imagedescs&gt;
&lt;longdesc id="hatchetdesc"&gt;
&lt;title&gt;Flint Hatchet Description&lt;/title&gt;
&lt;p&gt;This figure shows an oval rock. The top of the rock
is in its natural state, but down towards the bottom, bits of rock
have been chipped away, until the bottom has become thin, pointed,
and sharp.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/longdesc&gt;
&lt;/prolog&gt;
...
&lt;mmobj longdescid="hatchetdesc"&gt;
&lt;objref obj="hatchet"&gt;
&lt;textalt&gt;Flint Fist Hatchet of the Early Stone
Age&lt;/textalt&gt;
&lt;/mmobj&gt;</codeblock></section>
<section><title>Code example: DITA</title><p>To create an image description
link in DITA, set the longdescref attribute on the image element. When Home
Page Reader encounters the longdescref attribute, it generates an image description
link that is visible and audible in the screen reader. However, the link is
not displayed or heard in Internet Explorer or Netscape.</p><codeblock>&lt;image href="hatchet.gif" longdescref="hatchet_desc.dita"&gt;
&lt;alt>Flint Fist Hatchet of the Early Stone Age&lt;/alt>
&lt;/image></codeblock> </section>
<section><title>Additional examples</title><p>The examples below illustrate
additional guidelines for ensuring accessibility of images, using the basic
principles presented above.</p></section>
<section><title>Simple images</title><codeblock>&lt;img src="bigblue.gif" alt="IBM logo"&gt;</codeblock><codeblock>&lt;img src="wai.gif" alt="Web Accessibility
Initiative"&gt;</codeblock></section>
<section><title>Buttons and icons</title><p>Buttons and icons should have
appropriate alt text; no equivalent text link is required. However, if an
equivalent text link is provided, the button image should have null alt text
to avoid having a screen reader repeat the same text (for example, <q>bluepages</q> <q>bluepages</q>).</p><p>Avoid
using alt text that describes the icon if it results in the user listening
to the same information twice.</p></section>
<section><title>Images without significant content</title><p>For purely decorative
images or transparent images that are used to control layout, use null alt
text.</p><p>For graphical bullets (such as a yellow ball), use one of the
following techniques:</p><codeblock>&lt;img src="yellowball.gif" alt="*"&gt;Cats</codeblock><p>Or:<codeblock>&lt;img src="yellowball.gif" alt="Item: "&gt;Dogs</codeblock
></p><p>Or:<codeblock>&lt;img src="yellowball.gif" alt="" &gt;Rabbits</codeblock></p></section>
<section><title>Adjacent images</title><p>Alt text associated with adjacent
images (or images that appear next to text) can result in unintended messages
when the unrelated strings of text are read. For example, if an image of a
bull is placed next to an image of a man canoeing, and the alt text: is coded
as shown below, the user would hear<q>bull standing in water canoeing</q>: <codeblock>&lt;img src="bull.jpg" alt="bull standing in water"&gt;
&lt;img src="canoe.jpg" alt="canoeing"&gt;</codeblock></p><p>To avoid confusion,
put the images on separate lines, or use embedded spaces, brackets, or punctuation
as separators:</p><p> <codeblock>&lt;img src="bull.jpg" alt="[bull standing in water]"&gt;
&lt;img src="canoe.jpg" alt="[canoeing]"&gt;</codeblock></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
