<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="ditarevdraft" rev="rel382" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Making revisions more visible in drafts</title>
<shortdesc>Often in drafts of help or XHTML, you need to make your <b><u><i>changes
really stand out</i></u></b>.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>making revisions more visible in drafts</indexterm><indexterm>revisions<indexterm>drafts,
making more visible</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>visible in drafts, revisions</indexterm>
<indexterm>drafts, making revisions more visible in</indexterm><indexterm>CSS,
making revisions visible</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>This information builds upon marking and setting revisions.</prereq>
<context>This allows you to use the draft mode capabilities of help and XHTML
output to make your changes highly visible, using cascading style sheets and
the revision settings. For example; here's a <ph outputclass="revdraft"><ph
rev="revdraft">revised phrase that is highly visible</ph></ph>.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Mark your revision in your source.</cmd><info>For example, this
sets a revision of <userinput>release38</userinput>:<codeblock>&lt;p rev="release38">
...
&lt;/p>
</codeblock></info></step>
<step><cmd>Set the revision properties to flag the revision in your ditaval
file.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Create a style sheet, or add a revision style to your existing
HTML cascading style sheet (CSS).</cmd><info>For example, this style sheet
entry specifies, for the revision <userinput>release38</userinput>, that it
should have a background of magenta and a dotted border:<codeblock>.release38 {
 background-color : #FF99FF;
 border : dotted;
}      </codeblock><p>A CSS has a file name you specify and the file extension <filepath>css</filepath>. </p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>When you transform your output to help or XHTML, specify the options
to enable revisions, draft-mode, and the CSS file.</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>On the <uicontrol>Transform</uicontrol> tab, specify your ditaval
file that causes the revision to be flagged. Also check the <uicontrol>Output
contents of draft comments and required cleanup elements [/DRAFT]</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>On the <uicontrol>Style</uicontrol> tab, specify the name of
your CSS file.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
