<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "..\dtd\topic.dtd">
<topic id="ditaguidetitle" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>DITA XML Guide and Reference</title>
<shortdesc>This describes the Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA).</shortdesc>
<body>
<p>DITA is an XML-based, end-to-end architecture for authoring, producing,
and delivering technical information. This architecture consists of a set
of design principles for creating "information-typed" modules at a topic level
and for using that content in delivery modes such as online help and product
support portals on the Web. </p>
<p>At the heart of DITA, representing the generic building block of a topic-oriented
information architecture, is an XML document type definition (DTD) called
the <term>topic</term> DTD. </p>
<p>This document is a roadmap for the Darwin Information Typing Architecture:
what it is and how it applies to technical documentation. It is also a product
of the architecture, having been written entirely in DITA XML and produced
using the principles described here.  </p>
<p><b>Background:</b> This architecture and DTD were designed by a cross-company
workgroup representing user assistance teams from across IBM. After an initial
investigation in late 1999, the workgroup developed the architecture collaborated
during 2000 through postings to a database and weekly teleconferences. The
architecture has been placed on IBM's developerWorks Web site as an alternative
XML-based documentation system, designed to exploit XML as its
encoding format. DITA is now an OASIS standard.</p>
</body>
</topic>
