<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="image" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword>image</keyword></title>
<shortdesc>Include artwork or images in a DITA topic by using the &lt;<keyword>image</keyword>&gt;
element. The &lt;<keyword>image</keyword>&gt; element has optional attributes
that indicate whether the placement of the included graphic or artwork should
be inline (like a button or icon), or on a separate line for a larger image.
An <parmname>href</parmname> attribute is required on the image element, as
this attribute creates a pointer to the image, and allows the output formatting
processor to bring the image into the text flow. To make the intent of the
image more accessible for users using screen readers or text-only readers,
always include a description of the image's content in the <parmname>alt</parmname> attribute.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>image</indexterm><indexterm>Body elements<indexterm>image</indexterm> </indexterm>
<indexterm>image</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section conref="ibm-ditabase-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/image-containedby"></section>
<section conref="ibm-ditabase-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/image-contains"></section>
<section> <title>Attributes</title><simpletable id="image_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/href-image">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keyref-image">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/alt">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/longdescref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/height">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/width">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/align-image">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/placement">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/outputclass">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/class">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> </section>
<example><p><b>Example 1:</b> A simple graphic with alternative text:</p><codeblock>&lt;image href="bike.gif" placement="break"/&gt;
 &lt;alt>Two-wheeled bicycle&lt;/alt>
&lt;/image></codeblock><p><b>Example 2:</b> A graphic with a long description;
and a map showing the long description topic.</p><codeblock>&lt;fig id="figbat">
 &lt;title>Your cute, furry bat&lt;/title>
 &lt;image href="batpic.gif" <b>longdescref="batpicdesc.dita"</b> placement="break">
  &lt;alt>Picture of my cute bat being held&lt;/alt>
 &lt;/image>
&lt;/fig></codeblock><p>You need to also add the long description topic to
your DITA map. A best practice is to gather your long description topics together
in a TopicGroup element at the end of your map's navigation section. You typically
do not want the long description topic in your navigation, or in a hardcopy
PDF of your information. You also do not want the long description topic appearing
as a child link. Here is an example of a TopicGroup element with a few TopicRef
elements that reference long description topics. Note the attributes for linking,
print, and toc on the TopicGroup element. These apply to the contained TopicRefs
(as those attributes are inherited; are defaults; for the nested elements).<codeblock>&lt;map title="Bats">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="bats.dita" navtitle="Bats">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="batcaring.dita" navtitle="Caring for your fruit bat">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="batcleaning.dita" navtitle="Cleaning your fruit bat">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="batfeeding.dita" navtitle="Feeding your bat">&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="batsonar.dita" navtitle="Bat sonar">&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="batguano.dita" navtitle="Bat guano">&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="bathistory.dita" navtitle="Bat history">&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref href="batreuse.dita" navtitle="Bat recycling">&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicgroup <b>linking="none" print="no" toc="no"</b>>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;topicref <b>href="batpicdesc.dita"</b> navtitle="Bat picture description">&lt;/topicref>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;/topicgroup>
&lt;/map>              </codeblock></p> </example>
</refbody>
</reference>
