<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="indexterm" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword>indexterm</keyword></title>
<shortdesc>An &lt;<keyword>indexterm</keyword>&gt; is an index entry. You
can nest entries to create multi-level indexes. The content is not output
as part of topic content, only as part of the index.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>indexterm</indexterm><indexterm>Miscellaneous elements<indexterm>indexterm</indexterm> </indexterm>
<indexterm>indexterm</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section> <p>When DITA topics are output to XHTML, any keyword or indexterm
elements in the &lt;<keyword>keywords</keyword>&gt; element are placed in
the Web page metadata. In addition, the indexterms are added to supported
index processing (for example, for print versions).</p> </section>
<section conref="ibm-ditabase-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/indexterm-containedby"></section>
<section conref="ibm-ditabase-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/indexterm-contains"></section>
<section> <title>Attributes</title><simpletable id="indexterm_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keyref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/class">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> </section>
<example><p>This shows a purpose with two index entries. "indexterm" is a
primary entry. "Valid in Many Places elements" is a primary heading with "indexterm"
as a secondary entry:<codeblock>&lt;purpose&gt;An indexterm is an index entry. You can nest entries to 
create multi-level indexes.&lt;indexterm&gt;indexterm&lt;/indexterm&gt;
&lt;indexterm&gt;Valid in Many Places elements&lt;indexterm&gt;indexterm&lt;/indexterm&gt;
&lt;/indexterm&gt;&lt;/purpose&gt;</codeblock></p><p>Here's the possible PDF
output if this were on page 31: <lines>indexterm  31
Valid in Many Places elements
     indexterm  31
</lines></p><p>HTML Help output:<lines>indexterm
Valid in Many Places elements
    indexterm
</lines></p></example>
</refbody>
</reference>
