<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="lq" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword>lq</keyword></title>
<shortdesc> The long quote (&lt;<keyword>lq</keyword>&gt;) element indicates
content quoted from another source. Use the quote element &lt;<keyword>q</keyword>&gt;for
short, inline quotations, and long quote &lt;<keyword>lq</keyword>&gt; for
quotations that are too long for inline use, following normal guidelines for
quoting other sources. You can store a URL to the source of the quotation
in the <i>                     <keyword>href</keyword>               </i> attribute.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>lq (long quote)</indexterm><indexterm>long quote (lq)</indexterm>
<indexterm>quote, long (lq)</indexterm><indexterm>Body elements<indexterm>lq</indexterm> </indexterm>
<indexterm>lq</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section> <note othertype="Future DITA considerations" type="other">     
                     <p>Bibliographic citations obviously are more complex
than can be supported by a URL alone.   Typical alternate addressing schemes
include ISBN, Dewey Decimal, floor/aisle/shelf number, catalog number, Web
publisher query link, newpaper name/date/section/page#, and many others, depending
on the media, conventions for addressing, and the amount of additional metadata
required to describe a bibliographic resource (such as prescribed by MLA citation
guidelines).</p>                           <p>Many external repositories of
bibliographic descriptions already exist. The still-to-be-implemented keyref
is an application-independent way to index a quote to a more complete bibliographic
description for a resource that exists elsewhere (perhaps in other DTDs or
databases).</p>                     </note> </section>
<section conref="ibm-ditabase-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/lq-containedby"></section>
<section conref="ibm-ditabase-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/lq-contains"></section>
<section> <title>Attributes</title><simpletable id="lq_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/href-lq">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keyref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/type-lq">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/reftitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/outputclass">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/class">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> </section>
<example> <codeblock>&lt;p&gt;This is the first line of the address that 
Abraham Lincoln delivered on November 19, 1863 for the dedication 
of the cemetery at Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;lq&gt;Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new
nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men
are created equal.&lt;/lq&gt;</codeblock> </example>
</refbody>
</reference>
