<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="map" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword>map</keyword></title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>map</keyword>&gt; element is used to define a
map which describes the relationships among a set of DITA topics. Maps consist
of references to topics organized into hierarchies and tables. Maps provide
a way to express these relationships in a single common format that can be
used for different outputs. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>map</indexterm><indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>map</indexterm> </indexterm>
<indexterm>map</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section> <p>The containing element for a map is the &lt;<keyword>map</keyword>&gt;
element, which can take title and id attributes. Within the map, use the &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;
element to add and organize references to the topics. You can use the map
element to set default attribute values for all topicrefs in the map.</p> <p>While
the Title attribute on a map is optional, the Title attribute is required
by the Eclipse help system. The primary XML table of contents must have a
title (label in Eclipse), in order for that help's table of contents to load.</p> </section>
<section conref="ibm-map-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/map-containedby"></section>
<section conref="ibm-map-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/map-contains"></section>
<section> <title>Attributes</title><simpletable id="map_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/title">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/id-map">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/anchorref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/select-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/DTDVersion">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/class">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> </section>
<example>In this example, there are six topicrefs. They are nested and have
a hierarchical relationship. Bats.dita is the parent topic and the other topics
are its children.<codeblock>&lt;map title="Bats" id="mybats"&gt; Bats
 &lt;topicref href="bats.dita" type="topic"
  &lt;topicref href="batcaring.dita" type="task"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batfeeding.dita" type="task"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batsonar.dita" type="concept"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batguano.dita" type="reference"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="bathistory.dita" type="reference"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
 &lt;/topicref&gt;
&lt;/map&gt;</codeblock><p>The following shows an anchor reference for an
Eclipse plug-in. These table of contents will be inserted into the plug-in <filepath>plug1.doc</filepath>,
after an anchor ID of <q>main-start</q>, which is in the file <filepath>main.ditamap</filepath> or <filepath>main.xml</filepath> when
transformed.<codeblock>&lt;map anchorref="../plug1.doc/main.ditamap#main-start" title="Cats">
 &lt;topicref href="cats.dita" navtitle="Cats">
  &lt;topicref href="tiger.dita" navtitle="Tiger">&lt;/topicref>
  &lt;topicref href="tabby.dita" navtitle="Tabby">&lt;/topicref>
 &lt;/topicref>
&lt;/map></codeblock></p></example>
</refbody>
</reference>
