<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "..\dtd\topic.dtd">
<topic id="panel_shortdesc" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Guidelines for panel-level help short descriptions</title>
<shortdesc>Always use the &lt;shortdesc> element in a panel-level help topic.
The short description must make sense both as the opening text of the topic
and as pop-up text over a related link.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<author>Guidelines owner: Michelle Carey, from Content Workgroup</author>
<critdates><created date="18 May 2004"/></critdates>
<metadata>
<category audience="DITA authors" status="new"></category>
<keywords><indexterm>panel-level help short descriptions, guidelines</indexterm>
<indexterm>short descriptions, panel-level help guidelines</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<body>
<p>Panel-level help topics describe how to use windows, notebooks, panels,
or tabs to complete a user task. Panel-level help topics might also describe
fields, other objects on the user interface, or summary information.</p>
<section><title>Length</title><p id="plength">Use one to three sentences or
up to 50 words.</p></section>
<section><title>What to say</title><p id="pwhattosay">Mention what task or
tasks users can perform in the window or panel.</p><p><b>Example of an ineffective
short description</b><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Cube Hierarchy Properties</dt>
<dd>Displays property attributes for an existing cube hierarchy. </dd>
</dlentry></dl></p><p>This short description does not tell users what task
or tasks this window will help them do. If users can change cube hierarchy
properties, the short description should say that. Users are interested in
completing tasks, not in product function. This short description is also
a sentence fragment.</p><p><b>Example of an effective short description</b><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Cube Hierarchy Properties</dt>
<dd>Use this window to view and modify properties for an existing cube hierarchy.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p><p>The effective short description tells users what they
can do in this window (view and modify properties).</p></section>
<section><title>Phrasing</title><p id="pphrasing">Use the following phrasing: <q>Use
this window [or panel] to do taskA . . . .</q> For windows that provide only
information and do not require user actions, use the following phrasing: <q>This
window [or panel] shows . . . .</q> Do not use sentence fragments.</p></section>
<section><title>Examples of effective short descriptions</title><p>Topic titles
are in bold. Short descriptions are in plain text. Highlighting in a short
description will not appear in the pop-up text over a related link.<dl><dlentry>
<dt>DB2 Administration Tool Menu panel</dt>
<dd><p>Use this panel to do administration tasks such as querying the catalog
and providing users access to the database.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Preferences window</dt>
<dd><p>Use this window to specify how to display the shape parent name, the
compartment titles, and the stereotype and visibility styles for shapes on
the diagram surface. These settings will apply to all of the new shapes that
you add in the model.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Archive Specification History panel</dt>
<dd><p>This panel shows the results of an existing archive specification by
version.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>User Preferences: Mail window</dt>
<dd><p>Use this window to select a default address book, to change how you
save sent mail, to specify how you forward and receive mail automatically,
or specify how to refresh your Inbox.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
<section><title>Examples of ineffective short descriptions</title><p>Topic
titles are in bold. Short descriptions are in plain text.<dl><dlentry>
<dt>DB2 Administration Tool Menu panel</dt>
<dd>This panel is the main menu in DB2 Admin.<p>This short description does
not tell users what information the panel provides or what tasks they can
do in this panel.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Device Bay window</dt>
<dd>The device bay for your system can be enabled in two ways. You can change
these settings at any time.<p>This short description is too vague to be helpful,
and it does not follow the phrasing convention. This short description should
name the two ways the device can be enabled without necessarily describing
them in detail. The idea that users can change the settings later does not
need to be placed so prominently in the topic (in the short description).</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Databases panel</dt>
<dd>Displays information about the databases that you selected. <p>This short
description is a sentence fragment.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Manage Organizations window</dt>
<dd>From here, you can manage organizations.<p>This short description does
not follow the phrasing guideline: <q>Use this window to . . . .</q> This
short description should also provide more information about how to manage
organizations. Users might not understand what it means to manage an organization
if they see this help topic out of context. </p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Monitor Collections window</dt>
<dd>The Monitor Collections window checks the status of the following components: <p>Avoid
adding a list or table lead-in sentence to a short description. You cannot
add an &lt;ol> or &lt;ul> element inside a short description element. If you
add a list or table lead-in sentence and then add the list or table to the
next available element, the list or table will not be logically associated
with the &lt;shortdesc> element. Such a structure is semantically incorrect.
You will not be able to reuse the list or table with its lead-in sentence.
This short description will not make sense in pop-up text for a related link.
Also, a window cannot check status. Users must check status.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
</body>
</topic>
