<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="relcolspec" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword>relcolspec</keyword></title>
<shortdesc>Sets a column definition in the relationship table. You can use &lt;relcolspec>
column definitions to set many default attributes for &lt;relcel> and &lt;topicref>
elements in the column.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>relcolspec</indexterm><indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>relcolspec</indexterm> </indexterm>
<indexterm>relcolspec</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>For example, you can set type="concept" to treat all untyped &lt;topicref>
elements in the column as concepts. The same applies to other attributes such
as product or rev. But, setting collection-type="sequence" on relcolspec causes
that collection type to only affect the top-level topics in the related cell;
as if the collection=type was specified on the corresponding relcell tag.
The collection-type attribute is not inherited onto any of the topicref tags
themselves.</p></section>
<section conref="ibm-map-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/relcolspec-containedby"></section>
<section conref="ibm-map-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/relcolspec-contains"></section>
<section> <title>Attributes</title><simpletable id="relcolspec_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/select-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/class">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> </section>
<example>In this example, a relationship table is defined with three columns;
one for "concept", one for "task", and one for "reference". Three cells are
defined within one row. The first cell contains one concept topic: batsonar.dita.
The second cell contains two task topics: batcaring.dita and batfeeding.dita.
The third cell contains two reference topics: batguano.dita and bathistory.dita. <codeblock>&lt;map&gt;
 &lt;reltable&gt;
  &lt;relheader&gt;
   &lt;relcolspec type="concept"&gt;
   &lt;relcolspec type="task"&gt;
   &lt;relcolspec type="reference"&gt;
  &lt;/relheader&gt;
  &lt;relrow&gt;
   &lt;relcell&gt;&lt;topicref href="batsonar.dita"/&gt;&lt;/relcell&gt;
   &lt;relcell&gt;&lt;topicref href="batcaring.dita"/&gt;&lt;topicref
   href="batfeeding.dita"/&gt;&lt;/relcell&gt;
   &lt;relcell&gt;&lt;topicref href="batguano.dita"/&gt;&lt;topicref
   href="bathistory.dita"/&gt;&lt;/relcell&gt;
  &lt;/relrow&gt;
 &lt;/reltable&gt;
&lt;/map&gt;</codeblock> </example>
</refbody>
</reference>
