<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="aboutdebugging_tools">
	<title>About the tools</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Richard Johnson</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-05-01"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-09"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>troubleshooting the build process</keyword>
				<keyword>debugging tool</keyword>
				<keyword>reporting tool</keyword>
				<keyword>message topic generation tool</keyword>
				<keyword>ditamsg_generator.xsl message topic generator</keyword>
				<keyword>ditadebug.php cross-reference debugging tool</keyword>
				<keyword>ditaauthors.php author and copyright reporting tool</keyword>
				<keyword>ditaids.php ID checking reporting tool</keyword>
				<keyword>ditalinks.php URL checking debug tool</keyword>
				<keyword>ditakeys.php keyword checking reporting tool</keyword>
				<keyword>ditaedit.php string search/replace tool</keyword>
				<keyword>ditapreview.php incremental build tool</keyword>
				<indexterm>troubleshooting the build process<indexterm>tools and techniques for</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>tools and techniques for troubleshooting the build process</indexterm>
				<indexterm>debugging tools</indexterm>
				<indexterm>reporting tools</indexterm>
				<indexterm>file generation tools</indexterm>
				<indexterm>automatic message file generation tool</indexterm>
				<indexterm>message topic generator (ditamsg_generator.xsl)</indexterm>
				<indexterm>ditamsg_generator.xsl message topic generator</indexterm>
				<indexterm>cross-reference debugging tool (ditadebug.php)</indexterm>
				<indexterm>ditadebug.php cross-reference debugging tool</indexterm>
				<indexterm>URL checking debug tool (ditalinks.php)</indexterm>
				<indexterm>ditalinks.php URL checking debug tool</indexterm>
				<indexterm>ditaedit.php string search/replace tool</indexterm>
				<indexterm>author and copyright reporting tool (ditaauthors.php)</indexterm>
				<indexterm>ditaauthors.php author and copyright reporting tool</indexterm>
				<indexterm>ID checking reporting tool (ditaids.php)</indexterm>
				<indexterm>ditaids.php ID checking reporting tool</indexterm>
				<indexterm>keyword checking reporting tool (ditakeys.php)</indexterm>
				<indexterm>ditakeys.php keyword checking reporting tool</indexterm>
				<indexterm>PHP tool set for debugging, reporting, and file generation</indexterm>
				<indexterm>XSL stylesheet for automatic message topic generation</indexterm>
				<indexterm>ditapreview.php incremental build tool</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
	<p>These tools are written in the PHP programming language, and are meant to be invoked either from a command line prompt or from an Ant build script. They all take a single argument, which is the name of a <filepath>.ditamap</filepath> file. The tools process all files in the hierarchy below the level of the invoked map.</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Tool</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>ditaauthors.php</stentry>
					<stentry>Returns a set of unique author and copyright strings, with counts for each.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>ditadebug.php</stentry>
					<stentry>Produces several debugging and informational reports, most of them in a format that can be imported into a spreadsheet or a database. The reports include:
			<ul>
							<li>A list of any incorrect references found in the source files</li>
							<li>A list of directories containing files used by the map</li>
							<li>For each file in the map, its name, type, author, size, date last modified, and title</li>
							<li>The total number of files by type</li>
							<li>A list of all references found</li>
						</ul>
					</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>ditaedit.php</stentry>
					<stentry>Can be used to search for and replace strings in all files in the DITA map..</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>ditaids.php</stentry>
					<stentry>Produces an alphabetical list of IDs for all files in the map, with duplicates marked with an asterisk.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>ditakeys.php</stentry>
					<stentry>Produces a list of all metadata keywords defined.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>ditalinks.php</stentry>
					<stentry>Tests all URLs referenced by files in the map for validity.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>ditapreview.php</stentry>
					<stentry>Does incremental builds on small numbers of recently written files.</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
	</conbody>
</concept>
