<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="classpath_environment">
	<title>Troubleshooting CLASSPATH and environment variables setup</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Anne Gentle</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-05-01"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-18"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>troubleshooting the build process</keyword>
				<indexterm>troubleshooting CLASSPATH and environment variables setup</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<p>If you see a "can't find resource\messages.xml" error message when you try to build using Ant, remove other items from your CLASSPATH variable one-by-one until you find the culprit. 
			Your environment variable setup can be the source of the problem because sometimes other applications or <filepath>.jar</filepath> files can override CLASSPATH settings. 
			To assist in troubleshooting the CLASSPATH, create a simple <filepath>run.bat</filepath> file that contains only SAXON, Ant, and the DITA Open Toolkit <filepath>dost.jar</filepath> paths. 
			For example:</p>
			<userinput>set CLASSPATH=C:\saxon\saxon.jar;C:\ant\apache-ant-1.7.1;\lib\dost.jar;.</userinput>
			<p>
				<userinput>ant demo.faq.</userinput>
			</p>
			<note>The dot at the end of the set CLASSPATH command ensures that your current directory is included in the CLASSPATH. 
			By requesting a small build like "ant demo.faq" rather than "ant all" you can save time if the build is successful.</note>
			<p>By setting the CLASSPATH just for one session and running the batch file within the <filepath>ditaot</filepath> directory, you can pinpoint if the problem is your CLASSPATH. 
			Once you get a BUILD SUCCESSFUL message, add in CLASSPATH entries one by one until you find the entry that conflicts with DITA Open Toolkit. </p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
