<?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="messages_overview">
	<title>Error messages overview</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Richard Johnson</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anne Gentle</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-05-01"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-08"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>troubleshooting the build process</keyword>
				<keyword>error message</keyword>
				<indexterm>messages<indexterm>produced by the Toolkit</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>error messages<indexterm>produced by the Toolkit</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<p>Messages in a DITA Toolkit log that begin with DOT are produced by the Toolkit software. Messages produced by other tools (for example, Java JDK or XML parser) are also generated. The Toolkit messages are of three types:</p>
			<ol>
				<li>Messages beginning with DOTA from the Ant build scripts, for example, DOTA001F.</li>
				<li>Messages beginning with DOTJ from the Toolkit Java code <filepath>lib/dost.jar</filepath>, for example, DOTJ008F.</li>
				<li>Messages beginning with DOTX from the Toolkit XSLT transforms in the <filepath>xsl</filepath> directory, for example, DOTX009W.</li>
			</ol>
			<p>Messages are accompanied by one or more lines of text, with the message as the last line. Each message has a message number, a type (or severity), message text, and a suggested user action to correct the problem. Here is an example of a message:</p>
			<codeblock>
BUILD FAILED
C:\sandbox\ant\messages_xhtml.xml:18: The following error occurred while executing this line:
C:\sandbox\build.xml:101: The following error occurred while executing this line:
C:\sandbox\build.xml:113: [DOTA002F][FATAL] Invalid input. Provide valid args.input and dita.input
</codeblock>
			<p>In this case the message (number DOTA002F) indicates a fatal error (type FATAL) found in the Ant build scripts. The message text is "Invalid input" and the recommended action is "Provide valid ...".  The traceback shows the error occurred in line 101 of <filepath>build.xml</filepath>, which was invoked by line 18 of <filepath>messages_xhtml.xml</filepath>.</p>
			<p>Here is another sample message DOTX040I of type INFO from an XSLT transform:</p>
			<codeblock>
[xslt] file:/C:/sandbox/xsl/common/output-message.xsl:57:16: Warning! 
[xslt] (File = C:\sandbox\doc\ditaug\concepts\access.dita, Element = draft-comment:1)
[xslt] [DOTX040I][INFO]: Draft comment area found.
If the output is only used as a draft, you do not need to do anything. 
If you are producing production-level output, you should not use the /DRAFT option.
</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>The Meaning of Message Type (severity)</title>
			<p>Each Toolkit error message includes a message type which indicates the severity of the error.</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Level of severity</stentry>
					<stentry>Description</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>INFO</stentry>
					<stentry>Information about processing, processing continues.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>WARN</stentry>
					<stentry>A possible problem was noted, processing continues.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>ERROR</stentry>
					<stentry>A problem was found, processing continues.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>FATAL</stentry>
					<stentry>A problem was found, processing stops.</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
