<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="troubleshooting">
	<title>Troubleshooting the build process</title>
	<shortdesc>This section contains information on how to troubleshoot the build process.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Richard Johnson</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2006"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-May-01"/>
			<revised modified="2006-October-05"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>troubleshooting the build process</keyword>
				<indexterm>troubleshooting the build process</indexterm>
				<indexterm>processing (building)<indexterm>troubleshooting</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>building (processing)<indexterm>troubleshooting</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.3"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>Processing (building) a DITA document results in one of three possible outcomes:
<ul>
				<li>The build was successful. You got a BUILD SUCCESSFUL message from Ant.</li>
				<li>You got a BUILD SUCCESSFUL message from Ant, but error messages were generated that you need to fix, or your output is not what you expect.</li>
				<li>The build failed. You got a BUILD FAILED message from Ant.</li>
			</ul>
		</p>
		<p>This section helps you deal with the second and third cases, where you need to debug processing problems. It describes tools and mechanisms available to you in the Toolkit itself, other tools available for the Ant/Java environment, and various strategies you can apply to find and fix processing errors quickly.</p>
		<p>Sections in this topic:
		<sl otherprops="pdf">
				<sli>
					<xref href="./log.dita#log">Capturing and using the log</xref>
				</sli>
				<sli>
					<xref href="./messages_overview.dita#messages_overview">DITA Open Toolkit error messages overview</xref>
				</sli>
				<sli>
					<xref href="./messages_toolkit.dita#messages_toolkit">Messages generated by the Toolkit</xref>
				</sli>
				<sli>
					<xref href="./messages_overview.dita#messages_overview">DITA Open Toolkit error messages overview</xref>
				</sli>
				<sli>
					<xref href="./classpath_environment.dita#classpath_environment">Troubleshooting CLASSPATH and environment variables setup</xref>
				</sli>
				<sli>
					<xref href="./debuggingtools_overview.dita#debuggingtools_overview">About the debugging  reporting  and file generation tools</xref>
				</sli>
				<sli>
					<xref href="./debuggingtools_using.dita#debuggingtools_using">Using the debugging and reporting tools</xref>
				</sli>
				<sli>
					<xref href="./troubleshooting_production_notes.dita#troubleshooting_production_notes">Production notes (troubleshooting)</xref>
				</sli>
				<sli>
					<xref href="./troubleshooting_formoreinfo.dita#troubleshooting_formoreinfo">For more information (troubleshooting)</xref>
				</sli>
			</sl>
		</p>
	</conbody>
</concept>
