<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="distribution_packages">
  <title>Distribution packages</title>
  <shortdesc>DITA-OT is available in three three binary packages, as well as in a source
    package.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <section>
      <title>Minimal package (DITA-OT<keyword keyref="release.version"/>_minimal_bin.zip).</title>
      <p>This package is primarily for use by vendors that embed the toolkit within their products.
        It contains all of the core processing code: CSS and XSLT, Ant build scripts, Java code
        (dost.jar), resource files, DTDs and Schemas. Users will need to have their own version of
        Ant and other libraries, and will need to set up environment variables for each library. The
        only external files inside the minimal package are the OASIS DTDs and Schemas, along with
        the following open source libraries:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Apache Commons Codec <keyword keyref="tool.codec.version"/></li>
        <li>Apache Catalog Resolver <keyword keyref="tool.resolver.version"/></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Standard package (DITA-OT<keyword keyref="release.version"/>_bin.zip)</title>
      <p>This package contains everything in the minimal package, plus documentation, existing demo
        code (such as legacy support for the old bookmap), sample Ant scripts, and sample DITA
        files. This package is appropriate for those who want the core toolkit function, demos, and
        samples, but already have local installed copies of Ant and other required tools. The
        standard package includes only the following open source libraries:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Apache Commons Codec <keyword keyref="tool.codec.version"/></li>
        <li>Apache Catalog Resolver <keyword keyref="tool.resolver.version"/></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Full Easy Install package (DITA-OT<keyword keyref="release.version"
        />_full_easy_install_bin.zip)</title>
      <p>This package contains everything in the Standard package, plus common Apache tools used for
        builds so that you do not need to set them up separately; the only core tool that is missing
        is Java. This package also contains a batch file to set up a build environment using those
        tools. This package is appropriate for novice users, those testing the toolkit, or those who
        do not want to maintain local copies of other Apache tools. The following external libraries
        are included in version <keyword keyref="release.version"/> of this package:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Apache Ant <keyword keyref="tool.ant.version"/></li>
        <li>Saxon <keyword keyref="tool.saxon.version"/></li>
        <li>Apache Commons Codec <keyword keyref="tool.codec.version"/></li>
        <li>Apache Catalog Resolver <keyword keyref="tool.resolver.version"/></li>
        <li>IBM ICU for Java <keyword keyref="tool.icu4j.version"/></li>
        <li>Apache FOP <keyword keyref="tool.fop.version"/></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Source package (DITA-OT<keyword keyref="release.version"/>_src.zip)</title>
      <p>In addition to the binary versions of the toolkit, there is a source package available that
        contains all of the source code used in each of the three packages. The demo files, samples,
        and documentation are not part of the source package.The source package contains the Apache
        Commons Logging and Apache Catalog Resolver libraries.</p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="https://sourceforge.net/projects/dita-ot/files" scope="external" format="html">
      <linktext>DITA Open Toolkit distibution package downloads</linktext>
    </link>
  </related-links>
</concept>
