<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="dita-ot-ant-properties" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Ant argument properties for DITA-OT</title>
  <titlealts>
    <navtitle>Ant properties</navtitle>
  </titlealts>
<shortdesc>Reference list of DITA-specific Ant properties.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section> 	<p>DITA-OT processes your documentation project as an Ant
project, which allows several Ant build 	properties specific to DITA-OT
and your project.  These properties can be divided into three categories:
	</p> 	 <ul>
<li>Properties specific to your documentation project</li>
<li>Properties specific to the DITA Open Toolkit that you may override</li>
<li>Properties specific to the DITA Open Toolkit that you should never
override</li>
</ul> 	<p>The following tables describes the first group of properties, grouped by transformation
        type.</p></section>
<section><title>Parameters available to all transforms</title><p>The
following common parameters are available for use by all DITA-OT builds.</p><table>
<title>Common DITA-OT parameters</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="150*"/>
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC3" colwidth="200*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Project Ant Property</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row id="args.debug">
              <entry><codeph>args.debug</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.debug.desc">Specifies that DITA-OT print debugging information for
                your project. Allowed values are "yes" and "no". Default value is "no".</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.draft">
              <entry><codeph>args.draft</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.draft.desc">Indicates whether draft-comment and required-cleanup
                elements are included in the generated file. <ph audience="xslt-customizer"
                  >Corresponds to XSLT parameter DRAFT in most XSLT modules.</ph> Allowed values are
                "yes" and "no". Default value is "no".<note type="tip">For PDF output, setting
                    <codeph>${args.draft}</codeph> to "yes" will also cause the contents of
                    <codeph>&lt;titlealts&gt;</codeph> to appear below the title.</note>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.figurelink.style">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.figurelink.style</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.figurelink.style.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies how cross
                references to figures are styled. Allowed values are "NUMBER" and "TITLE". NUMBER
                results in "Figure 5", TITLE results in the title of the figure. <ph
                  audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to the XSLT parameter
                    <codeph>FIGURELINK</codeph>.</ph><note>This parameter is available for all
                  except the PDF transform.</note></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.grammar.cache">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.grammar.cache</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.grammar.cache.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies whether to use the
                grammar caching feature of the XML parser. Allowed values are "yes" and "no".
                Default value is "yes".<note>For most users, this is an important option that
                  dramatically speeds up processing time. However, there is a known problem with
                  using this feature for documents that use XML Entities. If your build fails with
                  parser errors about entity resolution, try setting this parameter to
                "no".</note></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.input">
              <entry><codeph>args.input</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.input.desc">Typically defines the location of the .ditamap file for
                your documentation project. However, the property can be set to a .dita file, as
                well. DITA-OT reads this file to find the .dita files that comprise the content for
                the documentation project.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.logdir">
              <entry><codeph>args.logdir</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.logdir.desc">Defines the location where DITA-OT places log files for
                your project.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.outext">
              <entry><codeph>args.outext</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.outext.desc">Specifies the file extension for HTML files in your
                project's output. <ph audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to XHTML parameter
                    <codeph>OUTEXT</codeph>.</ph> Default values is ".html".</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.tablelink.style">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.tablelink.style</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.tablelink.style.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies how cross
                references to tables are styled. Allowed values are "NUMBER" or "TITLE". Default is
                "NUMBER", which produces results such as "Table 5". TITLE results in the title of
                the table. <ph audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to the XSLT parameter
                    <codeph>TABLELINK</codeph>.</ph><note>This parameter is available for all except
                  the PDF transform.</note></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="basedir">
              <entry><codeph>basedir</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="basedir.desc">The directory where your project's ant build script resides.
                The DITA-OT will look for your .dita files relative to this directory. DITA-OT's
                default build script sets this as an attribute of the project, but you can also
                define it as a project property.</entry>
              <?Pub Caret 143?>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.ext">
              <entry><codeph>dita.ext</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="dita.ext.desc">Specifies an extension to use for DITA topics; All DITA
                topics will use this single extension in the temp directory. <ph
                  audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to XSLT parameter DITAEXT.</ph> Default
                value is ".xml"</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.input.valfile">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>dita.input.valfile</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="dita.input.valfile.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Defines the location of your
                project's filter file. Filter files end with the <codeph>.ditaval</codeph> suffix
                and are used to filter, include and exclude, content in the generated document.
                Alternatively, you can create multiple versions of your document by creating a
                different <codeph>.ditamap</codeph> file for each version.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="output.dir">
              <entry><codeph>output.dir</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="output.dir.desc">The location of the directory to hold output from your
                documentation project.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="transtype">
              <entry><codeph>transtype</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="transtype.desc">Defines the output type for a specific Ant target. Plug-ins
                may add new values for this option; by default, the following values are available:<ul>
                  <li>pdf</li>
                  <li>xhtml</li>
                  <li platform="windows">htmlhelp</li>
                  <li>eclipsehelp</li>
                  <li>eclipsecontent</li>
                  <li>odt</li>
                  <li>troff</li>
                  <li>rtf</li>
                  <li>javahelp</li>
                  <li>legacypdf</li>
                  <li>docbook</li>
                </ul>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="validate">
              <entry><codeph>validate</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="validate.desc">Specifies whether DITA-OT should validate your content
                files. Allowed values are "yes" and "no". Default value is "yes".</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
</table></section>
<section><title>Parameters available for all XHTML based transforms</title><p>The following parameters are available for all output types that
are based on the XHTML transform type, including:</p>
<ul>
<li>XHTML</li>
<li platform="windows">HTMLHelp</li>
<li>JavaHelp</li>
<li>eclipsehelp</li>
</ul><table><title>XHTML and related parameters</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="150*"/>
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC3" colwidth="200*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Project Ant Property</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row id="args.artlbl">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.artlbl</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.artlbl.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Adds a label to each image containing
                the image's filename. Allowed values are "yes" and "no". Default value is
                "no".</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.breadcrumbs">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.breadcrumbs</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.breadcrumbs.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies whether to generate
                breadcrumb links. <ph audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to the XSLT parameter
                    <codeph>BREADCRUMBS</codeph>.</ph> Allowed values are "yes" and "no". Default
                value is "no".</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.copycss">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.copycss</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.copycss.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Indicates whether you want to copy
                your own .css file to the output directory.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.css">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.css</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.css.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">The name of your custom .css
                file.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.csspath">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.csspath</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.csspath.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">The location of your copied .css file
                relative to the output directory. <ph audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to XSLT
                  parameter <codeph>CSSPATH</codeph>.</ph></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.cssroot">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.cssroot</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.cssroot.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">The directory that contains your
                custom .css file. DITA-OT will copy the file from this location.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.ftr">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.ftr</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.ftr.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies the location of a well-formed
                XML file containing your custom running-footer for the document body. <ph
                  audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to XSLT parameter
                  <codeph>FTR</codeph>.</ph><note>The fragment must be valid XML, with a single root
                  element, common practice is to place all content into &lt;div&gt;.</note></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.gen.default.meta">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.gen.default.meta</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.gen.default.meta.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies whether to
                generate extra metadata that targets parental control scanners, meta elements with
                name="security" and name="Robots". Allowed values are "yes" and "no". Default value
                is "no". <ph audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to the XSLT parameter
                    <codeph>genDefMeta</codeph>.</ph></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.gen.task.lbl">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.gen.task.lbl</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.gen.task.lbl.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies whether to generate
                locale-based default headings for sections within task topics. Allowed values are
                "YES" and "NO". Default value is "NO". <ph audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to
                  the XSLT parameter <codeph>GENERATE-TASK-LABELS</codeph>.</ph></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.hdf">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.hdf</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.hdf.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies the location of a well-formed
                XML file to be placed in the document head.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.hdr">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.hdr</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.hdr.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies the location of a well-formed
                XML file containing your custom running-header for the document body. <ph
                  audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to XSLT parameter
                  <codeph>HDR</codeph>.</ph><note>The fragment must be valid XML, with a single root
                  element, common practice is to place all content into &lt;div&gt;.</note></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.hide.parent.link">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.hide.parent.link</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.hide.parent.link.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies whether to hide
                links to parent topics in the rendered XHTML. <ph audience="xslt-customizer"
                  >Corresponds to the XSLT parameter <codeph>NOPARENTLINK</codeph>.</ph> Allowed
                values are "yes" and "no". Default value is "no".</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.indexshow">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.indexshow</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.indexshow.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Indicates whether
                  <codeph>indexterm</codeph> element should appear in the output. Allowed values are
                "yes" and "no". Default value is "no".</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.xhtml.toc.class">
              <entry><codeph>args.xhtml.toc.class</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.xhtml.toc.class.desc">String for a CSS class name attribute applied to
                the TOC (x)HTML output's &lt;body&gt; element. <ph audience="xslt-customizer">Found
                  in <filepath>map2htmltoc.xsl</filepath>.</ph></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.xhtml.classattr">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.xhtml.classattr</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.xhtml.classattr.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies whether to include
                DITA class ancestry inside generated XHTML elements. Allowed values are "no" and
                "yes"; the default is "yes" in release 1.5.2 (it was "no" in 1.5 and 1.5.1). For
                example, the prereq element in a task (which is specialized from section) would
                generate "<codeph>class="section prereq</codeph>". <ph audience="xslt-customizer"
                  >Corresponds to the XSLT parameter
                <codeph>PRESERVE-DITA-CLASS</codeph>.</ph></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.xsl">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.xsl</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.xsl.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies an XSL file that is used rather
                than the default XSL transform, located in
                  <codeph>toolkitdir\xsl\dita2xhtml.xsl</codeph>. Property must specify the full
                path and XSL file name.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="generate.copy.outer">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>generate.copy.outer</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="generate.copy.outer.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies whether to generate
                files for content files that are not located in or beneath the directory containing
                your <codeph>ditmap</codeph> file. Supported values are:<ul>
                  <li>"1"  (default) – do not generate outer files</li>
                  <li>"2 – generate outer files</li>
                  <li>"3" – old solution.</li>
                </ul></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="onlytopic.in.map">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>onlytopic.in.map</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="onlytopic.in.map.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies whether files that are
                linked to, or referenced with a conref attribute, should generate output. If set to
                "yes", only files that are referenced directly from the map will generate output
                files.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="outer.control">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>outer.control</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="outer.control.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies whether content files are
                located in or below the directory containing your <codeph>.ditamap</codeph> file.
                Supported values are:<ul>
                  <li>"fail" – fail quickly if files are going to be generated/copied outside of
                    that directory</li>
                  <li>"warn" (default) – complete if files will be generated/copied outside, but log
                    a warning</li>
                  <li>"quiet" – quietly finish with only those files (no warning or error).</li>
                </ul>The <codeph>gen-list-without-flagging</codeph> Ant task generates a harmless
                warning for content outside the map directory; you can suppress these warnings by
                setting the <codeph>outer.control</codeph> property to "quiet". <note type="warning" platform="windows"
                  >Microsoft HTML Help Compiler cannot produce HTMLHelp for documentation projects
                  that use outer content. Your content files must reside in or below the directory
                  containing the <codeph>.ditamap</codeph> file, and the map file cannot specify
                  ".." at the start of <codeph>href</codeph> attributes for
                    <codeph>topicref</codeph> elements.</note>
              </entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
</table></section>
<section> 	<title>PDF-specific Ant Properties</title><p>The following
table describes Ant properties that are specific to the PDF transformation
type.</p><table><title>PDF parameters</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="150*"/>
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC3" colwidth="200*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Project Ant Property</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row id="args.fo.include.rellinks">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.fo.include.rellinks</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.fo.include.rellinks.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies which links to
                include in the PDF file. Values are:<ul>
                  <li>"none" (default) – no links are included.</li>
                  <li>"all" – all links are included.</li>
                  <li>"nofamily" – hard coded links and reltable-based links are included. Parent,
                    child, next, and previous links are not included.</li>
                </ul></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.fo.output.rel.links" importance="deprecated">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.fo.output.rel.links</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.fo.output.rel.links.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies whether to show
                links in your project's output. Values are "yes" (include all links) and "no" (the
                default, include no links). If <codeph>${args.fo.include.rellinks}</codeph> is
                specified, this parameter is ignored.<note>This parameter is deprecated in favor of
                    <codeph>${args.fo.include.rellinks}</codeph>.</note></entry>
            </row>
            <row conref="#dita-ot-ant-properties/args.gen.task.lbl">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.gen.task.lbl</codeph></entry>
              <entry colname="COLSPEC2"><!--codeph>/usetasklabels</codeph--></entry>
              <entry colname="COLSPEC3"
                ><!--Specifies whether to generate locale-based
default headings for sections within task topics. Allowed values are
"yes" and "no". Default is "no". Corresponds to the XSLT parameter
GENERATE-TASK-LABELS.<--></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.xsl.pdf">
              <entry><codeph>args.xsl.pdf</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.xsl.pdf.desc">Specifies an XSL file that is used in place of the
                default XSL transform at <codeph>demo\fo\xsl\fo\topic2fo_shell.xsl</codeph>. You
                must specify the full path and XSL file name.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="publish.required.cleanup" importance="deprecated">
              <entry><codeph>publish.required.cleanup</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="publish.required.cleanup.desc">Indicates whether draft-comment and
                required-cleanup elements are included in the generated file. Allowed values are "yes" and "no".
                Default value is value of <codeph>args.draft</codeph> property. Deprecated,
                <codeph>args.draft</codeph> parameter should be used instead. <ph
                  audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to XSLT parameter
                  <codeph>publishRequiredCleanup</codeph>.</ph></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.fo.userconfig">
              <entry><codeph>args.fo.userconfig</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.fo.userconfig.desc">The parameter to specify the user configuration
                file for FOP.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="custom.xep.config">
              <entry><codeph>custom.xep.config</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="custom.xep.config.desc">The parameter to specify the user configuration
                file for RenderX.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="retain.topic.fo" audience="xslt-customizer" importance="deprecated">
              <entry><codeph>retain.topic.fo</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="retain.topic.fo.desc">Specifies whether to leave the generated FO file for
                a PDF project.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.bookmap-order" rev="1.5.4">
              <entry><codeph>args.bookmap-order</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.bookmap-order.desc">Specify if frontmatter and backmatter content
                order is retained in bookmap. Values are "retain" and "discard" (default).</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="customization.dir" audience="xslt-customizer">
              <entry><codeph>customization.dir</codeph></entry>
              <entry>Specifies the customization directory path.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="pdf.formatter">
              <entry><codeph>pdf.formatter</codeph></entry>
              <entry>Specified the XSL processor to use. Supported values are:<ul>
                  <li>"fop" (default)  – Apache FOP</li>
                  <li>"ah" – Antenna House Formatter</li>
                  <li>"xep" – RenderX XEP Engine</li>
                </ul>The Full Easy Install distribution package comes with Apache FOP installed,
                other XSL processors need to be separately installed. </entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
</table></section>
<section rev="1.5.2"><title>ODT-specific Ant Properties</title><p>The ODT transform,
which produces a document using the Open Document Format, is available
in the 1.5.2 version of the DITA-OT.</p><table><title>ODT related
parameters</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="150*"/>
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC3" colwidth="200*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Project Ant Property</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row id="args.odt.img.embed">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.odt.img.embed</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.odt.img.embed.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Determines whether images are
                embedded as binary objects within the ODT file. </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.odt.include.rellinks">
              <entry><codeph>args.odt.include.rellinks</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.odt.include.rellinks.desc">Specifies which links to include in the ODT
                file. Values are:<ul>
                  <li>"none" (default) – no links are included.</li>
                  <li>"all" – all links are included.</li>
                  <li>"nofamily" – hard coded links and reltable-based links are included. Parent,
                    child, next, and previous links are not included.</li>
                </ul></entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
</table></section>
<section><title>EclipseContent-specific Ant Properties</title><p>The
"eclipsecontent" transform type produces normalized DITA files, along
with Eclipse TOC and project files.</p><table><title>EclipseContent
properties</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="150*"/>
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC3" colwidth="200*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Project Ant Property</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row id="args.eclipsecontent.toc">
              <entry><codeph>args.eclipsecontent.toc</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.eclipsecontent.toc.desc">Specifies the name of the TOC file for an
                Eclipse Content project.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
</table></section>
<section><title>XHTML-specific Ant Properties</title><p>Parameters
in this section are used by the "xhtml" transtype, but not by other
XHTML based transforms.</p><table><title>Properties for the "xhtml"
transform type</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="150*"/>
          <colspec colname="col3" colwidth="200*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1" valign="bottom">Project Ant Property</entry>
              <entry colname="col3" valign="bottom">Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row id="args.xhtml.contenttarget">
              <entry><codeph>args.xhtml.contenttarget</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.xhtml.contenttarget.desc">Specifies the content frame name where links
                from TOC are opened.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.xhtml.toc">
              <entry colname="col1"><codeph>args.xhtml.toc</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.xhtml.toc.desc" colname="col3">Specifies the name of the entry point
                for an XHTML project. Default value is <codeph>index.html</codeph></entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
</table></section>
<section> 	 <title>EclipseHelp-specific Ant Properties</title><p>The
following table describes Ant properties that are specific to the
EclipseHelp transformation type, which is an XHTML based output for
use with the Eclipse Help System.</p><table>
<tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="150*"/>
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC3" colwidth="200*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Project Ant Property</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row id="args.eclipsehelp.toc">
              <entry><codeph>args.eclipsehelp.toc</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.eclipsehelp.toc.desc">Specifies the name of the TOC file.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.eclipse.country">
              <entry><codeph>args.eclipse.country</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.eclipse.country.desc">Specifies the more specific region for the
                language specified with <codeph>args.eclipse.language</codeph> For example, US, CA
                and GB would clarify a value of "en" for <codeph>args.eclipse.language</codeph>. The
                content will be moved into the appropriate directory structure for an Eclipse
                fragment.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.eclipse.language">
              <entry><codeph>args.eclipse.language</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.eclipse.language.desc">Specifies the base language for translated
                content, such as "en" for English. This parameter is a prerequisite for
                  <codeph>args.eclipse.country</codeph>. The content will be moved into the
                appropriate directory structure for an Eclipse fragment.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.eclipse.provider">
              <entry><codeph>args.eclipse.provider</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.eclipse.provider.desc">Specifies the name of the person or
                organization providing an Eclipse Help project. Default value is
                  <codeph>DITA</codeph>. <note type="tip">The toolkit ignores the value of this
                  property when processing an Eclipse Collection Map,
                  <codeph>eclipse.dtd</codeph>.</note>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.eclipse.version">
              <entry><codeph>args.eclipse.version</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.eclipse.version.desc">Specifies the version number to include in the
                output. Default value is <codeph>0.0.0</codeph>.<note type="tip">The toolkit ignores
                  the value of this property when processing an Eclipse Collection Map,
                    <codeph>eclipse.dtd</codeph>.</note></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.eclipse.symbolic.name">
              <entry><codeph>args.eclipse.symbolic.name</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.eclipse.symbolic.name.desc">Specifies the symbolic name (aka plugin
                ID) in the output for an Eclipse Help project. The @id value from the DITA map or
                the Eclipse map collection (Eclipse help specialization) is the symbolic name for
                the plugin in Eclipse. By default, the value
                  <codeph>org.sample.help.doc</codeph>.<note type="tip">The toolkit ignores the
                  value of this property when processing an Eclipse Collection Map,
                    <codeph>eclipse.dtd</codeph>.</note></entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
</table> 	 </section>
<section platform="windows"> 	 <title>HtmlHelp-specific Ant Properties</title><p>The
following table describes Ant properties that are specific to the
HTML Help compiled help transformation target.</p><table>
<tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="150*"/>
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC3" colwidth="200*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Project Ant Property</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row id="args.htmlhelp.includefile">
              <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><codeph>args.htmlhelp.includefile</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.htmlhelp.includefile.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies the name of a
                file that you want included in an HTMLHelp project.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
</table> 	 </section>
<section> 	 <title>JavaHelp-specific Ant Properties</title><p>The
following table describes Ant properties that are specific to the
JavaHelp transformation target.</p><table>
<tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="150*"/>
          <colspec colname="COLSPEC3" colwidth="200*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Project Ant Property</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row id="args.javahelp.map">
              <entry><codeph>args.javahelp.map</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.javahelp.map.desc">Specifies the name of the ditamap file for a
                JavaHelp project.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="args.javahelp.toc">
              <entry><codeph>args.javahelp.toc</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.javahelp.toc.desc">Specifies the name of the file containing the TOC
                in your JavaHelp output. Default value is the name of the ditamap file for your
                project.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
</table> 	 </section>
<section> 	 <title>Other Toolkit Ant Properties</title><p>The following
table describes additional Ant properties specific to the DITA Open
Toolkit that you may override.  You should not override a DITA-OT
Ant property if it does not appear in this table or one of the tables
above.</p><table>
<tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="COLNAME0" colwidth="200*"/>
          <colspec colname="COLNAME3" colwidth="200*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>DITA Ant Property</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row id="args.dita.locale">
              <entry><codeph>args.dita.locale</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.dita.locale.desc">Specifies the language locale file to use for
                sorting index entries. The JavaHelp transformation type also uses this
                parameter.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="cleantemp">
              <entry><codeph>clean.temp</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="clean.temp.desc">Specifies whether DITA-OT should delete the files in the
                temporary directory, <codeph>dita.temp.dir</codeph>, when it finishes a build.
                Allowed values are "yes" and "no". Default value is "yes".</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.dir">
              <entry><codeph>dita.dir</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="dita.dir.desc">The location of your DITA-OT installation. Verify that your
                project's build script points to the correct location.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.extname" importance="deprecated">
              <entry><codeph>dita.extname</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="dita.extname.desc">Deprecated, <codeph>dita.ext</codeph> parameter should
                be used instead. Defines the file extension for content files in the directory
                specified with the <codeph>dita.temp.dir</codeph> property. Allowed values are
                ".xml" and ".dita"; Default value is ".xml".</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet">
              <entry><codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet</codeph>              </entry>
              <entry id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.desc" morerows="5">Instructs the toolkit to reload the
                XSL stylesheets used for transformation. Allowed values are "true" and "false".
                Default value is "false".<note type="tip">Set the value to true if you want to use
                  more than one set of stylesheets to process a group of topics. The parameter is
                  also useful for writers of toolkit build scripts who experience Java memory
                  problems during transformation due to large Ant projects. Alternatively, you can
                  adjust the size of your Java memory heap if setting
                    <codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet</codeph> for this
                reason.</note></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.conref">
              <entry>
                <codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.conref</codeph>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.mapref">
              <entry>
                <codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.mapref</codeph>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.mappull">
              <entry>
                <codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.mappull</codeph>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.maplink">
              <entry>
                <codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.maplink</codeph>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.topicpull">
              <entry>
                <codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.topicpull</codeph>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.temp.dir">
              <entry><codeph>dita.temp.dir</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="dita.temp.dir.desc">Defines the directory where DITA-OT will create a
                temporary directory to place temporary files generated during the transformation
                process.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
</table></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
