<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="ant-parameters-all-transformation-types">
  <title>Ant parameters: All transformations</title>
  <titlealts>
    <navtitle>All transformations</navtitle>
  </titlealts>
  <shortdesc>Certain parameters apply to all transformations that are supported by the DITA Open
    Toolkit.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>Ant<indexterm>parameters<indexterm>args.debug</indexterm><indexterm>args.draft</indexterm><indexterm>args.figurelink.style</indexterm><indexterm>args.filter</indexterm><indexterm>args.grammar.cache</indexterm><indexterm>args.input</indexterm><indexterm>args.input.dir</indexterm><indexterm>args.logdir</indexterm><indexterm>args.tablelink.style</indexterm><indexterm>clean.temp</indexterm><indexterm>dita.dir</indexterm><indexterm>dita.ext</indexterm><indexterm>dita.extname</indexterm><indexterm>dita.input.valfile</indexterm><indexterm>dita.temp.dir</indexterm><indexterm>generate.copy.outer</indexterm><indexterm>onlytopic.in.map</indexterm><indexterm>output.dir</indexterm><indexterm>transtype</indexterm><indexterm>validate</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>XSLT
            parameters<indexterm>DITAEXT</indexterm><indexterm>DRAFT</indexterm><indexterm>FIGURELINK</indexterm><indexterm>TABLELINK</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <table colsep="1" frame="all" rowsep="1">
      <title>Ant parameters: All transformations</title>
      <tgroup cols="2">
        <colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="1.50*"/>
        <colspec colname="COLSPEC3" colwidth="4*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Parameters</entry>
            <entry>Description</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row id="args.debug">
            <entry><parmname>args.debug</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="args.debug.desc">Specifies whether debugging information is included in the
              log. The allowed values are <option>yes</option> and <option>no</option>; the default
              value is <option>no</option>.</entry>
          </row>
          <row id="args.draft">
            <entry><parmname>args.draft</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="args.draft.desc">Specifies whether the content of &lt;draft-comment> and
              &lt;required-cleanup> elements is included in the output. The allowed values are
                <option>yes</option> and <option>no</option>; the default value is
                <option>no</option>. <ph audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to XSLT parameter
                  <parmname>DRAFT</parmname> in most XSLT modules.</ph><note type="tip">For PDF
                output, setting the <parmname>args.draft</parmname> parameter to
                  <option>yes</option> causes the contents of the &lt;titlealts> element to be
                rendered below the title.</note>
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row id="args.figurelink.style">
            <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><parmname>args.figurelink.style</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="args.figurelink.style.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies how cross references
              to figures are styled in output. The allowed values are <option>NUMBER</option> and
                <option>TITLE</option>. Specifying <option>NUMBER</option> results in "Figure 5";
              specifying <option>TITLE</option> results in the title of the figure. <ph
                audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to the XSLT parameter
                  <parmname>FIGURELINK</parmname>.</ph><note>This parameter is not available for the
                PDF transformation.</note></entry>
          </row>
          <row id="args.filter" rev="1.6">
            <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><parmname>args.filter</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="args.filter.desc">Specifies a filter file to be used to include, exclude, or
              flag content. Filter files must have a .ditaval or .DITAVAL extension.</entry>
          </row>
          <row id="args.grammar.cache">
            <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><parmname>args.grammar.cache</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="args.grammar.cache.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies whether the
              grammar-caching feature of the XML parser is used. The allowed values are
                <option>yes</option> and <option>no</option>; the default value is
                <option>no</option>.<note>This option dramatically speeds up processing time.
                However, there is a known problem with using this feature for documents that use XML
                entities. If your build fails with parser errors about entity resolution, set this
                parameter to <option>no</option>.</note></entry>
          </row>
          <row id="args.input">
            <entry><parmname>args.input</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="args.input.desc">Specifies the master file for your documentation project.
              Typically this is a DITA map, however it also can be a DITA topic if you want to
              transform a single DITA file. The path can be absolute, relative to <parmname>args.input.dir</parmname>,
              or relative to the directory where your project's ant build script resides
              if <parmname>args.input.dir</parmname> is not defined. 
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row id="args.input.dir">
            <entry><parmname>args.input.dir</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="args.input.dir.desc">Specifies the base directory for your documentation project.
              The default value is the parent directory of the file specified by <parmname>args.input</parmname>.</entry>
          </row>
          <row id="args.logdir">
            <entry><parmname>args.logdir</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="args.logdir.desc">Specifies the location where the DITA-OT places log files
              for your project.</entry>
          </row>
          <row id="args.tablelink.style">
            <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><parmname>args.tablelink.style</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="args.tablelink.style.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies how cross references
              to tables are styled. Specifying <option>NUMBER</option> results in "Table 5";
              specifying <option>TITLE</option> results in the title of the table. <ph
                audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to the XSLT parameter
                  <parmname>TABLELINK</parmname>.</ph><note>This parameter is not available for the
                PDF transformation.</note></entry>
          </row>
          <!--row id="basedir">
              <entry><parmname>basedir</parmname></entry>
              <entry id="basedir.desc">The directory where your project's ant build script resides.
                The DITA-OT will look for your .dita files relative to this directory. DITA-OT's
                default build script sets this as an attribute of the project, but you can also
                define it as a project property.</entry>
              <?Pub Caret 143?>
            </row-->
          <row id="cleantemp">
            <entry><parmname>clean.temp</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="clean.temp.desc">Specifies whether the DITA-OT deletes the files in the
              temporary directory after it finishes a build. The allowed values are
              <option>yes</option> and <option>no</option>; the default value is
              <option>yes</option>.</entry>
          </row>
          <row id="dita.dir">
            <entry><parmname>dita.dir</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="dita.dir.desc">Specifies where the DITA-OT is installed.</entry>
          </row>
          <row id="dita.ext">
            <entry><parmname>dita.ext</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="dita.ext.desc">Specifies an extension to use for DITA topics; All DITA topics
              will use this single extension in the temp directory. The default value is .xml. <ph
                audience="xslt-customizer">Corresponds to XSLT parameter
                  <parmname>DITAEXT</parmname>.</ph>
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row id="dita.extname" importance="deprecated">
            <entry><parmname>dita.extname</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="dita.extname.desc">Specifies the file extension that the DITA-OT uses for
              files in the temporary directory. The allowed values are <option>xml</option> and
              <option>dita</option>; the default value is <option>xml</option>.<note>This
                parameter is deprecated in favor of the <parmname>dita.ext</parmname>
                parameter.</note></entry>
          </row>
          <row id="dita.temp.dir">
            <entry><parmname>dita.temp.dir</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="dita.temp.dir.desc">Specifies the location of the temporary directory. The
              temporary directory is where the DITA-OT writes temporary files that are generated
              during the transformation process.</entry>
          </row>
          <row id="dita.input.valfile" importance="deprecated">
            <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><parmname>dita.input.valfile</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="dita.input.valfile.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies a filter file to be
              used to include, exclude, or flag content. Filter files must have a .ditaval or
              .DITAVAL extension.<note type="notice">Deprecated in favor of the
                  <parmname>args.filter</parmname> parameter.</note></entry>
          </row>
          <row id="generate.copy.outer">
            <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><parmname>generate.copy.outer</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="generate.copy.outer.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies whether to generate
              output files for content that is not located in or beneath the directory containing
              the DITA map file. The following values are supported:<ul>
                <li><option>1</option> (default) – Do not generate output for content that is
                  located outside the DITA map directory..</li>
                <li><option>2</option> – Generate output for the content that is located outside the
                  DITA map directory.</li>
                <li><option>3</option> – Shift the output directory so that it contains all output
                  for the publication.</li>
              </ul><p>See <xref href="generate-copy-outer.dita"/> for more information.</p></entry>
          </row>
          <row id="outer.control">
            <entry colname="COLSPEC0"><parmname>outer.control</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="outer.control.desc" colname="COLSPEC3">Specifies how the DITA OT handles
              content files that are located in or below the directory containing the master DITA
              map. The following values are supported:<ul>
                <li><option>fail</option> – Fail quickly if files are going to be generated or
                  copied outside of the directory</li>
                <li><option>warn</option> (default) – Complete the operation if files will be
                  generated or copied outside of the directory, but log a warning</li>
                <li><option>quiet</option> – Quietly finish with only those files; do not generate
                  warnings or errors.</li>
              </ul>The <parmname>gen-list-without-flagging</parmname> Ant task generates a harmless
              warning for content that is located outside the map directory; you can suppress these
              warnings by setting the property to <option>quiet</option>. <note type="warning"
                platform="windows">Microsoft HTML Help Compiler cannot produce HTML Help for
                documentation projects that use outer content. The content files must reside in or
                below the directory containing the master DITA map file, and the map file cannot
                specify ".." at the start of the @href attributes for &lt;topicref> elements.</note>
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row id="output.dir">
            <entry><parmname>output.dir</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="output.dir.desc">Specifies the name and location of the output directory. By
              default, the output is written to
              <filepath><varname>DITA-dir</varname>\out</filepath>.</entry>
          </row>
          <row id="transtype">
            <entry><parmname>transtype</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="transtype.desc">Specifies the output format. You can create plug-ins to add
              new values for this parameter; by default, the following values are available:<ul>
                <li>docbook</li>
                <li>eclipsehelp</li>
                <li>eclipsecontent</li>
                <li platform="windows">htmlhelp</li>
                <li>javahelp</li>
                <li>legacypdf</li>
                <li>odt</li>
                <li>pdf</li>
                <li>wordrtf</li>
                <li>troff</li>
                <li>xhtml</li>
              </ul>
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row id="validate">
            <entry><parmname>validate</parmname></entry>
            <entry id="validate.desc">Specifies whether the DITA-OT validates the content. The
              allowed values are <option>true</option> and <option>false</option>; the default value is
                <option>true</option>.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </refbody>
</reference>
