<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="ant-parameters-other">
  <title>Ant parameters: Other</title>
  <titlealts>
    <navtitle>Other</navtitle>
  </titlealts>
  <shortdesc>These Ant parameters enable you to reload style sheets that the DITA-OT uses for
    specific pre-processing stages.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <draft-comment author="Kristen James Eberlein" time="11 August 2012">I've made no attempt to
        work with the content in the topic. Here's what I'd like to know:<ul>
          <li>When would someone want to use the various <parmname>dita.preprocess</parmname>
            parameters? (Other than if they need to reduce Java memory consumption.) The use cases
            are not clear from the current description.</li>
        </ul></draft-comment>
      <fig>
        <title>Ant parameters: Other</title>
          <parml>
            <plentry>
              <pt id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet"><parmname>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet</parmname></pt>
              <pt id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.conref">
                <parmname>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.conref</parmname>
              </pt>
              <pt id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.mapref">
                <parmname>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.mapref</parmname>
              </pt>
              <pt id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.mappull">
                <parmname>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.mappull</parmname>
              </pt>
              <pt id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.maplink">
                <parmname>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.maplink</parmname>
              </pt>
              <pt id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.topicpull">
                <parmname>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.topicpull</parmname>
              </pt>
              <pd id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.desc">Specifies whether the
                DITA-OT reloads the XSL style sheets that are used for the transformation. The
                allowed values are <option>true</option> and <option>false</option>; the default
                value is <option>false</option>.<note type="tip">Set the parameter to
                    <option>true</option> if you want to use more than one set of style sheets to
                  process a collection of topics. The parameter also is useful for large projects
                  that generate Java out-of-memory errors during transformation. Alternatively, you
                  can adjust the size of your Java memory heap if setting
                    <codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet</codeph> for this
                reason.</note></pd>
            </plentry>
            
          </parml>
        
      </fig>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
