<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="conref-task">
    <title>Conref file for tasks</title>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step id="run-startcmd">
                <cmd>Run the <filepath>startcmd</filepath> file that is applicable for your
                    operating system.</cmd>
                <info>The <filepath>startcmd.bat</filepath> and <filepath>startcmd.sh</filepath>
                    files are in the directory where you installed the DITA-OT.</info>
            </step>
            <step id="if-necessary-run-startcmd">
                <cmd>If necessary, run the <filepath>startcmd</filepath> file that is applicable for
                    your operating system.</cmd>
                <info>You do not need to run the <filepath>startcmd</filepath> file if you already
                    have a command-prompt or terminal window that was invoked by the
                        <filepath>startcmd</filepath> file open.</info>
            </step>
            <step id="run-demo-build">
                <cmd id="run-the-following-command">From the DITA-OT shell, enter the following
                    command:</cmd>
                <info id="run-demo-build-command">
                    <codeblock>ant -f build_demo.xml</codeblock>
                </info>
                <stepresult>You receive the following
                    prompt:<codeblock>[echo] Please enter the filename for the DITA map that you 
[echo] want to build including the directory path (if any). 
[echo] The filename must have the .ditamap extension. 
[echo] Note that relative paths that climb (..) are not supported yet. 
[echo] To build the sample, press return without entering anything. 
[input] The DITA map filename: [C:\DITA-OT1.6.M5\samples\hierarchy.ditamap]</codeblock></stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd/>
                <info>
                    <ul id="basic-variables">
                        <li><varname>input-file</varname> is the DITA map or DITA file that you want
                            to process.</li>
                        <li><varname>transformation-type</varname> is the transformation type.</li>
                        <li><varname>parameter-name</varname> is the name of an optional
                            parameter.</li>
                        <li><varname>value</varname> is an applicable value for the optional
                            parameter.</li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
                <stepresult id="running-ditaot-results">If you do not specify an output directory,
                    by default, the DITA-OT writes the output to the
                            <filepath><varname>installation-directory</varname>\out</filepath>
                    directory.</stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
