<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_rcv_xbp_xg">
 <title><parmname>generate.outer.copy</parmname> parameter</title>
 <shortdesc>Elaboration on how the <parmname>generate.outer.copy</parmname> parameter
  functions.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Background</title>
   <p>This is an issue in the following situations:<ul>
     <li>The DITA map is in a directory that is a peer to directories that contain referenced
      objects.</li>
     <li>The DITA map is in a directory that is below the directories that contain the referenced
      objects.</li>
    </ul></p>
   <p>Let's assume that the directory structure for the DITA content looks like the
    following:<pre>maps
topics
images</pre>The DITA map is in the <filepath>maps</filepath>
    directory, the topics are in the<filepath> topics</filepath> directory, and the images are in
    the <filepath>images</filepath> directory.</p></section>
 <section>     <title>Setting the <parmname>generate.outer.copy</parmname> parameter to
        <option>1</option></title>
   <p>Let's assume that you run the XHTML transformation and specify an output directory of
          <filepath>C:\A-test</filepath>. By default, The DITA-OT uses the
          <parmname>generate.outer.copy</parmname> parameter with a value of <option>1</option>.
        Output is not built for the topics. You receive only the following
        output:<pre>A-test
--- dita.list
--- dita.xml.properties
--- index.html
--- commonltr.css
--- commonrtl.css</pre>The
          <filepath>index.html</filepath> file contains the navigation structure, but all the links
        are broken, since no XHTML files were built for the topics.</p>
   <p>How do you fix this? By specifying a value of <option>2</option> or <option>3</option> for the
     <parmname>generate.outer.copy</parmname> parameter. </p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Setting the <parmname>generate.outer.copy</parmname> parameter to
    <option>2</option></title>
   <p>Let's assume that you run the XHTML transformation again and specify the following parameters:<ul>
     <li>The <parmname>generate.outer.copy</parmname> parameter is set to <option>2</option>.</li>
     <li>The <parmname>output.dir</parmname> parameter is set to
      <filepath>C:\A-test</filepath>.</li>
    </ul></p>
   <p>This is what your output looks
    like:<pre>C:\A-test
--- dita.list
--- dita.xml.properties
--- index.html
--- commonltr.css
--- commonrtl.css
...
C:\images
...
C:\topics</pre></p>
   <p>The links in the output all work properly. However, depending on how many other directories
    are located at the same level of your build system as the output directory, it might not be easy
    gather all the output together if you need to copy it elsewhere.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Setting the <parmname>generate.outer.copy</parmname> parameter to
    <option>3</option></title>
   <p>Now your output directory structure looks like
    this:<pre>C:\A-test
--- images\
--- maps\
--- topics\</pre>The index.html file is in the maps
    directory, and the CSS and other files are located in the output directory,
     <filepath>C:\A-test</filepath>. Copying the output directory is simplified.</p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
