<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><?workdir /var/folders/p2/pbpbnbdn3db6hns_6j1jdyd00000gn/T/org.dita.dost.module.ChunkModuleTest/Attribute_map5?><?workdir-uri file:/var/folders/p2/pbpbnbdn3db6hns_6j1jdyd00000gn/T/org.dita.dost.module.ChunkModuleTest/Attribute_map5/?>
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
  <?workdir /Users/jelovirt/Work/dita-ot/src/main/temp/ChunkAttributeTest/preprocess/map5?>
  <?workdir-uri file:/Users/jelovirt/Work/dita-ot/src/main/temp/ChunkAttributeTest/preprocess/map5/?>
  <?path2project?>
  <?path2project-uri ./?>
  <topic xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="topicmerge"
    xml:lang="en-us" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
    domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   "
    class="- topic/topic ">
    <title class="- topic/title ">Topic merge</title>
    <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">The topic merge feature improves the build speed of DITA files and
        reduces the possibility of meeting the out of memory exception in the build process. As
        illustrated in the following figure, when you run the build in previous releases of DITA
        Open Toolkit, the build speed is slow and you are likely to get out of memory exception.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">With this enhanced topic merge feature, you will be less likely to meet
        the out of memory exception error when you build output through DITA files. The intermediate
        merged file will keep the structure information in the DITA map, and the structured toc will
        be reflected in the output.</p>
      <p rev="r4" class="- topic/p ">To know more about this topic feature, you can write a script
        file first. DITA OT 1.3 offers a module, <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "
          >TopicMerge</codeph>, that helps you implement this feature. You can use this module to
        generate the merged files. A sample usage of this module is as follows.</p>
      <p rev="r3" class="- topic/p ">Then, you need to type in the command window.<note
          class="- topic/note ">The path for -Dinput must be an absolute path</note></p>
    </body>
    <?workdir /Users/jelovirt/Work/dita-ot/src/main/temp/ChunkAttributeTest/preprocess/map5?>
    <?workdir-uri file:/Users/jelovirt/Work/dita-ot/src/main/temp/ChunkAttributeTest/preprocess/map5/?>
    <?path2project?>
    <?path2project-uri ./?>
    <topic id="grandchild2" xml:lang="en-us" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
      domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   "
      class="- topic/topic ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">grandchild2</title>
      <body class="- topic/body ">
        <section class="- topic/section ">
          <p class="- topic/p ">Several DITA elements exist either for architectural reasons or for
            support of specialized markup yet to be designed. Although there is little need to use
            these elements unless you are directed to, some of them, such as &lt;<apiname
              class="+ topic/keyword pr-d/apiname ">boolean</apiname>&gt; and &lt;<apiname
              class="+ topic/keyword pr-d/apiname ">state</apiname>&gt;, can be used if your content
            makes use of these semantic distinctions. A discussion of signals on a gate of an
            integrated logic circuit, for example, might use the state element to represent either
            on or off conditions of that gate.<indexterm class="- topic/indexterm ">Specialization
              elements</indexterm>
          </p>
        </section>
      </body>
    </topic>
  </topic>
</dita>
