<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2005, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<task id="addmeta" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>Adding metadata to elements</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">IBM</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2001, 2005"/>
			<copyrholder>IBM Corporation</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2001"/>
			<revised modified="2005"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-18"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>metadata 
                    attributes<indexterm>adding</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<prereq>Before using these attributes, work with your team to agree on 
            a consistent set of values for use across your information set.</prereq>
		<context>Use these attributes when you have content within a topic or a 
            map that applies to only one or some of the products, platforms, or 
            audiences for the topic or map as a whole.</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Find the element for which you want to provide information.</cmd>
				<info>If there are not attributes you need in the element, 
                    create a new element inside it, like a &lt;ph&gt;, which can hold 
                    the attributes instead. </info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Enter the attribute (for example, audience or platform).</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Add a value or values to the attribute.</cmd>
				<stepxmp>For example, audience="novice-admin expert-user" or 
                    platform="wintel".</stepxmp>
			</step>
			<step importance="optional">
				<cmd>For <i>audience</i> or <i>product</i>, add an equivalent 
                    element to the prolog metadata.</cmd>
				<info>You can provide more information about your audience or 
                    product values in the topic's prolog, inside the metadata 
                    element. To ensure consistency, you can define the elements 
                    in one place for the entire information set, and then reuse 
                    them in topics that require them by using the conref
                    attribute.</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>Metadata attributes are inherited: they apply to any elements 
            they contain, as well. In a table, metadata for a column applies to 
            all the cells in the column.</result>
	</taskbody>
</task>
