<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2005, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<task id="filtercontent" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>Filtering content</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">IBM</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2001, 2005"/>
			<copyrholder>IBM Corporation</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2001"/>
			<revised modified="2005"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-10"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>metadata attributes<indexterm>filtering 
                    on</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>filtering content</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>All the values in at least one attribute must be set to 
            "exclude" for an element to be filtered out.</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Create a DITA filter file in the directory where you want to add 
                    the file. Give the file a descriptive name, such as 
                    "audience-flag-build.ditaval".</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Open the file, and type this content into it:</cmd>
				<tutorialinfo>
					<codeblock>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
&lt;val> &lt;/val></codeblock>
				</tutorialinfo>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Define the property you want to exclude:</cmd>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Find the attribute name. Type a new property to 
                            exclude by adding a new line <codeph>&lt;prop att="" val="" action="exclude"/></codeph>.</cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Select the attribute ("audience", "platform", 
                            "product", "otherprops") on which you want to exclude. </cmd>
						<stepxmp>For example, "audience".</stepxmp>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Type the value you want to exclude on. </cmd>
						<stepxmp>For example, "programmer".</stepxmp>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
				<info>You can define more properties by following the steps 
                    above. The final <filepath>.ditaval</filepath> file with the example values should look like 
                    this:</info>
				<tutorialinfo>
					<codeblock>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
&lt;val>
  &lt;prop att="audience" val="programmer" action="exclude"/>
&lt;/val></codeblock>
				</tutorialinfo>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>When you publish output from the topic or map, specify the 
                    filter file you want by using the parameter 
                    <codeph>/filter:{args.input.valfile}</codeph> for the output options.</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>Content is excluded only when all the values in a single 
            attribute are set to exclude. For example, if you have a list item 
            that applies to programmer and administrator audiences, and you 
            exclude programmers, the list item will remain in the output 
            because it still applies to administrators.</result>
	</taskbody>
</task>
