<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE musicCollection PUBLIC "-//RDA//DTD DITA Musical Reference//EN"
 "../dtd/music.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
     Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file in the
     main toolkit package for applicable licenses.-->
<!-- (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<musicCollection id="nordicroots" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Nordic Roots Music</title>
<shortdesc>I have seen all of these artists (and much, much more)
live at one Nordic Roots festival or another. What a nice place is
the Cedar Cultural Center!</shortdesc>
<musicBody>
<cdList>
<cdRow>
<artist>Frigg</artist>
<albums>Frigg, Oasis</albums>
<comments>The Norwegian fiddles are taking over.</comments>
</cdRow>
<cdRow>
<artist>Garmarna</artist>
<albums><ol>
<li>Garmarna</li>
<li>Vittrad</li>
<li>Vengeance</li>
<li>Hildegard von Bingen</li>
</ol></albums>
<comments>Rockin with the fiddles and the gurdies and the wondrous
Swedish vocals.</comments>
</cdRow>
<cdRow>
<artist>Gjallarhorn</artist>
<albums><ol>
<li>Ranarop</li>
<li>Grimborg</li>
<li>Sjofn</li>
<li>Rimfaxe</li>
</ol></albums>
<comments>Kind of a Lord of the Rings vibe. Eerie vocals, fiddle,
drums, and a variable Strange Instrument.</comments>
</cdRow>
<cdRow>
<artist>Harv</artist>
<albums><ol>
<li>Must</li>
<li>Tost</li>
<li>Direktor Deg</li>
</ol></albums>
<comments>Their album says "Bad fiddles from Sweden". I disagree.</comments>
</cdRow>
<cdRow>
<artist>Hedningarna</artist>
<albums><ol>
<li>Hedningarna</li>
<li>Hippjokk</li>
<li>Kaksi!</li>
<li>Karelia Visa</li>
</ol></albums>
<comments>The almighty polska will have you out of your chair and
in the air.</comments>
</cdRow>
<cdRow>
<artist>Hoven Droven</artist>
<albums><ol>
<li>Groove</li>
<li>More Happy Moments</li>
<li>Hippa</li>
<li>Turbo</li>
<li><xref format="html"
href="http://noside.com/Catalog/CatalogAlbum_01.asp?Album_ID=254"
scope="external">Jumping at the Cedar</xref></li>
</ol></albums>
<comments>Energy that is just as palpable, fun just as contagious,
and humor just as silly as it was for everyone at the venue that evening.</comments>
</cdRow>
<cdRow>
<artist>Hurdy Gurdy</artist>
<albums>Prototyp</albums>
<comments>A must for all of those rabid Hurdy Gurdy fans.</comments>
</cdRow>
<cdRow>
<artist>Loituma</artist>
<albums><ol>
<li>Things of Beauty</li>
<li>In the Moonlight</li>
</ol></albums>
<comments>Their version of Ievan's Polka is an inspiration to everybody
with a leek.</comments>
</cdRow>
<cdRow>
<artist>Mari Boine</artist>
<albums>Eight Seasons, Remixed</albums>
<comments>So good she made it onto the Best of the Cedar album.</comments>
</cdRow>
<cdRow>
<artist>Swåp</artist>
<albums><ol>
<li>Swåp</li>
<li>(sic)</li>
<li>Mosquito Hunter</li>
<li>Du Da</li>
</ol></albums>
<comments>They may think otherwise, but I think all of the album names
are great.</comments>
</cdRow>
<cdRow>
<artist>Triakel</artist>
<albums><ol>
<li>Triakel</li>
<li>WinterSongs</li>
<li>Songs from 63° N</li>
<li>10 Years of Triakel (only available at live shows)</li>
</ol></albums>
<comments>The boat song is a wonder to behold. Or is it to be-listen?
Much calmer than her Garmarna work and his Hoven Droven work.</comments>
</cdRow>
<cdRow>
<artist>Värttina</artist>
<albums><ol>
<li>Oi Dai</li>
<li>Seleniko</li>
<li>Ilmatar</li>
<li>Aitara</li>
<li>iki</li>
<li>Live in Helsinki</li>
</ol></albums>
<comments>That Lord of the Rings vibe is even stronger here – considering
they do the music for the stage version. Check out the Live album.</comments>
</cdRow>
<cdRow>
<artist>Väsen</artist>
<albums><ol>
<li>Whirled</li>
<li>Gront</li>
<li>Keyed Up</li>
<li>Trio</li>
<li>Live at the Nordic Roots Festival</li>
<li>Live in Japan</li>
</ol></albums>
<comments>Considered by many to be the best band in the world.</comments>
</cdRow>
<cdRow>
<artist>Wimme Saari</artist>
<albums><ol>
<li>Gierran</li>
<li>Cugu</li>
<li>Instinct</li>
<li>Barru</li>
</ol></albums>
<comments>Magical chanting from the Northlands.</comments>
</cdRow>
</cdList>
</musicBody>
<related-links>
<link format="html" href="http://www.thecedar.org" scope="external">
<linktext>The Cedar Cultural Center</linktext>
<desc>The Cedar is a highly eclectic music venue located in the vibrant
West Bank district of Minneapolis. Renowned for hosting some of the
best acts in folk, blues, jazz, indie rock and world music in an intimate
space, the Cedar is a 501(c)3 non-profit, largely volunteer-driven
organization.</desc>
</link><?Pub Caret -2?>
<link format="html"
href="http://noside.com/Catalog/CatalogAlbum_01.asp?Album_ID=93"
scope="external">
<linktext>An introduction to Nordic Music</linktext>
<desc>The album that could change your life...</desc>
</link>
</related-links>
</musicCollection>
<?Pub *0000004804?>
