<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="aboutspecialization">
	<title>About specialization</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-05-01"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-03"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>specialization</keyword>
				<keyword>information design reuse</keyword>
				<indexterm>information design reuse (specialization)</indexterm>
				<indexterm>specialization (information design reuse)</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
	<section>
	<p otherprops="pdf">Sections in this topic:
		<sl>
				<sli>
					<xref href="#aboutspecialization/whatspecialization"/>
				</sli>
				<sli>
					<xref href="#aboutspecialization/whyspecialization"/>
				</sli>
				<sli>
					<xref href="#aboutspecialization/whenspecialization"/>
				</sli>
			</sl>
		</p>
		</section>
		<section id="whatspecialization">
		<title>What is specialization?</title>
		</section>
		<section conref="../core_vocabulary/specialization.dita#specialization/specialization_term"/>
		<section id="whyspecialization">
		<title>Why specialization?</title>
		<p>Specialization can have significant benefits for the development of new document architectures, for the following reasons.</p>
		<ul>
			<li>No need to reinvent the base vocabulary. Create a module in half a day with 10 lines versus six months with hundreds of lines; automatically pick up changes to the base.</li>
			<li>No impact from other designs that customize for different purposes. Avoid enormous, kitchen-sink vocabularies. Plug in the modules for your requirements.</li>
			<li>Interoperability at the base type. Guaranteed reversion from special to base.</li>
			<li>Reusable type hierarchies. Share understanding of information across groups, saving time and presenting a consistent picture to customers.</li>
			<li>Output tailored to customers and information. More specific search, filtering, and reuse that is designed for your customers and information, not just the common denominator.</li>
			<li>Consistency, both with base standards and within your information set.</li>
			<li>Learning support for new writers. Instead of learning standard markup plus specific ways to apply the markup, writers get specific markup with guidelines built in.</li>
			<li>Explicit support of different product architectural requirements. Requirements of different products and architectures can be supported and enforced, rather than suggested and monitored by editorial staff.</li>
		</ul>
		</section>
		<section id="whenspecialization">
		<title>When to use specialization</title>
			<p>Use specialization when you are dealing with new semantics (new, meaningful categories of information, either in the form of new structural types or new domains). The new semantics can be encoded as part of a specialization hierarchy that allows them to be transformed back to more general equivalents, and also ensures that the specialized content can be processed by existing transforms.</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
