<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
     Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file in the
     main toolkit package for applicable licenses.-->
<!-- (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<reference id="README" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The Music Specialization</title>
<shortdesc>The music specialization is a set of sample files that
demonstrates how to create a new specialization plugin. It should
be placed in the demo/ directory inside the DITA Open Toolkit.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><p>This specialization allows authors
to document their musical tastes and collections. It is intended primarily
as a sample to demonstrate various aspects of a specialization plugin
for DITA.</p><p>The specialization creates a new topic type with a
root element of songCollection. This topic type is based on the DITA
Reference topic type, which is part of the OASIS DITA standard. Within
the songCollection element, authors may enter the usual title and
short description, followed by a special body created for this type.
The contents of songBody are limited to a song list, section, and
the familiar simpletable element. The body could have been limited
to only the song list, but the section is included so that authors
may provide additional information about their music, such as longer
commentary about one set of CDs. The simpletable element is kept in
case additional reference information is desired that does not fit
into the strictly controlled song list.</p><p>The song list element
is the focus of this specialization. It is based on a simpletable
element. Unlike simpletable, there is no option for a header row;
the assumption is that headers will be generated for each clearly
defined column. Each row of this table has several columns, all of
which provide common information about a song, such as the title,
album, artist, genre, and a rating. Most of the columns are optional;
the reason is that you may have a listing that includes an songs with
no rating, unspecified genre, or for which the original album is not
specified. Because the specialization defines these entries individually,
a processing override can detect missing entries, and insert empty
cells when rendering the table.</p><p>This plugin comes with a DTD
implementation, sample files, and XSLT overrides that create generated
headings for each music topic.</p></section>
<section><title>How to use this with the DITA Open Toolkit</title><p>Unzip
the plug-in zip file into the demo directory. Then run a build using
the default toolkit builds (using the supplied ANT files, or the <tm
tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> command line). Each of these calls the
plugin integrator, which will install the plugin files; this will
happen regardless of whether the files you build make use of this
plugin.</p><p>To build files with the specialization, you have several
simple options. First, ensure that your environment variables are
set up properly (if you are using the Full Easy Install version of
the toolkit, the startcmd batch file can sets these values for you).
Then, try any of these:</p><ul>
<li>Use your normal build process, with the sample music map (sample/playlists.ditamap)
as your input file.</li>
<li>Run the startcmd.bat file (from the Full Easy Install version
of the toolkit) to open a command prompt window. Then run this command: <pre><userinput>ant -f demo/music/run-sample.xml</userinput></pre>The
XHTML and PDF output files will be generated in the directory <systemoutput>demo/music/out</systemoutput>.</li>
<li>Run the startcmd.bat file (from the Full Easy Install version
of the toolkit) to open a command prompt window. Then run these commands:<pre><userinput>java -jar lib/dost.jar /i:demo/music/sample/music.ditamap /transtype:xhtml /outdir:demo/music/out

java -jar lib/dost.jar /i:demo/music/sample/music.ditamap /transtype:pdf /outdir:demo/music/out</userinput></pre></li>
<li>Use the prompted ant demo build. After running the command <userinput>ant
-f build_demo.xml</userinput> in the main toolkit directory, enter
the input file name <userinput>demo/music/sample/music.ditamap</userinput>;
then set other options as appropriate.</li>
</ul><p>Once you've discovered how easy it is to write with the music
specialization, you can create new music topics, and mix them in to
all of your other content. Point any of your maps at a music topic,
and it will build just like all of your other topics.</p></section>
<section><title>Plugin organization</title><p>The plugin is organized
into several directories, which mirror the organization of the toolkit
itself. Other specialization plug-ins should follow this same organization.</p><ul>
<li>In any plug-in with DTD or Schema extensions, the root directory
must contain at least two files. The file catalog-dita.xml is required
in order to add your DTD or Schema files to the main catalog. The
file plugin.xml is required (with this name) in order for the toolkit
to recognize your plugin; it also tells the toolkit where to find
important files within the plugin. An Ant build file is also a good
idea if you wish to provide an easy way to build any sample files;
the included file run-sample.xml generates XHTML and PDF from the
samples.</li>
<li>The dtd/ directory contains all DTD related files for this specialization.</li>
<li>The epic/ directory is used by one tool that imbeds the toolkit,
and can be ignored by most users. Other applications that use overrides
for the music specialization could store them in similar directories.</li>
<li>The sample/ directory contains sample topics that use the music
specialization.</li>
<li>There is not yet a schema implementation of the music specialization;
if one existed, it would be in the schema directory.</li>
<li>The xsl/ directory contains all XSL files used by this specialization.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Using this plugin as a template</title><p>This plugin
can easily be used as a template to create your own specialization
plugins. Here are the files you will need to change to create your
own plugin:<ol>
<li>In the plugin.xml file, change the plugin.xml file so that it
extends all of the tasks you expect to extend. Information on currently
supported extensions is available here: <xref format="html"
href="http://dita.xml.org/wiki/dita-ot-plug-in-extension-points"
scope="external">http://dita.xml.org/wiki/dita-ot-plug-in-extension-points</xref></li>
<li>In the catalog-dita.xml file, replace the music values with your
new DTD files.</li>
<li>In the file run-sample.xml, replace any references to the music
directory or samples with your own samples.</li>
<li>In the DTD directory, replace the music DTDs with your own specialization.
If you wish, you can rename them and use them as a model for your
own specialization. They are based off of reference, so they will
be most easily used as a template for a different reference specialization.</li>
<li>If there is a schema implementation, store it in the schema directory.</li>
<li>Replace the sample files with your own samples.</li>
<li>In the XSL directory, remove the music overrides, or modify them
to match elements from your own specialization. Remember that the
XSLT templates should <b>only</b> match elements from your specialization,
and should be ignored for any other topic type. For example, to override
the related links within a music topic, I should match a related-links
element <i>within</i> a music topic, not just any related-links element.
This will allow your topic types and processing to mix with other
topic types and their processing. Here is an example of how to match
related-links within a specific topic type:<codeblock>&lt;xsl:template match="*[contains(@class,' songCollection/songCollection ')]//
                     *[contains(@class,' topic/related-links ')]">
  &lt;!-- Create special processing for links within a music topic -->
&lt;/xsl:template></codeblock></li>
<li>Files that enable the music specialization for a specific application
should be stored in a directory specific to that application, such
as the epic directory in this plugin.</li>
</ol></p></section>
<section><title>Items of interest</title><p>This specialization include
elements that produce new generated text. In order for this to work,
the generated text must be shipped as part of the plugin. These files
are included within the xsl/ directory. Each language is placed in
an individual file, and one lookup file allows processes to determine
what languages are available. The extension point "dita.xsl.strings"
within the plugin.xml file allows these strings to integrate with
the core toolkit strings, so that the common getString function may
be used to retrieve these new strings.</p><p>Note that the getString
function is not defined for PDF output; if you wish to use the same
functions for PDF, you must import the primary toolkit string processing
code. See the file <filepath>xsl/songlist2xslfo.xsl</filepath>for
an example.</p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
