<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="xml_knowledge">
	<title>Do I need to know XML to use DITA?</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Deborah Pickett</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-05-31"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-17"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>XML</keyword>
				<indexterm>XML (eXtensible Markup Language)<indexterm>relationship to DITA</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>
			<b>Contributing author: </b>Deborah Pickett</p>
		<p>
			<b>Date: </b>June 9, 2006</p>
		<p>XML's a funny beast—people imagine that it has all kinds of mystical powers, but it's little more than a set of rules for how to structure data.  
		I'll try to work in a reference to the emperor's new clothes here.</p>
		<p>If all you plan to do is write topics in DITA, then you need to know very little about XML.  If you're going to use a newfangled WYSIWYG editor to hide
	the structure from you, then you might be able to get by knowing nothing at all about XML.  If you stay in plaintext-land, then I'd list the following XML ideas as essential:
	<ul>
				<li>Elements and attributes</li>
				<li>Angle brackets (&lt; and &gt;), ampersand (&amp;), slashes, and quotation marks (" and ")</li>
				<li>Content models (the idea that elements contain other elements)</li>
			</ul>
		</p>
		<p>These would be nice, too:
		<ul>
				<li>Doctypes</li>
				<li>Well-formedness vs. validity</li>
			</ul>
		</p>
		<p>Don't let anyone try to talk you into studying these in the short term:
		<ul>
				<li>DTDs and schemas</li>
				<li>XSLT</li>
				<li>Namespaces</li>
			</ul>
		</p>
		<p>After that, it's probably just a matter of brushing up on DITA's ideas of content models.</p>
		<p>The above doesn't hold if you are planning to write your own specializations or transformations.</p>
		<p>If you want to understand the internals of the DITA Open Toolkit, then you are in for a bumpier ride, because you'll need to become acquainted
with Ant, Java, XSLT, and how they all talk to each other.</p>
	</conbody>
</concept>
