<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ditaval" rev="1.1" xml:lang="en-us"><?Pub Caret?>
<title>DITAVAL elements</title>
<shortdesc>You can create a conditional processing profile to identify which
values you want to conditionally process for a particular output, build, or
other purpose. The profile has the extension .ditaval to identify it to conditional
processing systems.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>DITAVAL elements</indexterm><indexterm>Filtering</indexterm>
<indexterm>Flagging</indexterm><indexterm>Revisions</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>The .ditaval format has several elements: val, the root element, can contain
a style-conflict element followed by prop or revprop elements; the prop and
revprop elements can contain startflag and endflag elements; and the startflag
and endflag elements can contain alt-text elements.<draft-comment>jeff ogden:
wanted this in a new section of the spec rather than under common attributes.
now done. Also questioned whether it was normative. Reviewed with TC, and
confirmed: the ditaval format was not normative in 1.0, it is normative in
1.1. There was some old wording from 1.0 earlier that confused the issue,
I've removed it.</draft-comment></p>
<section><title>Notes on ditaval messages</title><p>It is recommended but
not required that conditional processing code provide a report of any attribute
values encountered in content that do not have an explicit action associated
with them.</p></section>
<section><title>Note on ditaval flagging of images</title><p>If an image in
DITA content becomes flagged using a background color, the color should be
represented as a thick border.  If a foreground color is expressed, it should
be represented as a  thin border.</p></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001952?>
