<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "topic.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="concept_shortdesc" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Guidelines for concept short descriptions</title>
<shortdesc>Always use the &lt;shortdesc> element in a concept topic. Omit
the &lt;context> element if what you describe in the &lt;shortdesc> element
is sufficient. The short description must make sense both as the opening text
of the topic and as pop-up text over a related link.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<author>Guidelines owner: Michelle Carey, from Content Workgroup</author>
<critdates><created date="18 May 2004"/></critdates>
<metadata>
<category audience="DITA authors" status="new"></category>
<keywords><indexterm>concept short descriptions, guidelines</indexterm><indexterm>short
descriptions, concept guidelines</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<body>
<section><title>Length</title><p id="clength">Use one to three sentences or
up to 50 words.</p></section>
<section><title>What to say</title><p id="cwhattosay">Introduce the concept
and provide a concise answer to the question "What is this?" and in some cases
"Why do I care about this?" If the concept is unfamiliar, you can start with
a brief definition. Avoid using the short description to lead in or build
up to a topic. The short description paragraph should contain the main point
of the conceptual topic. The concept short description should clearly apply
to a concept. Avoid turning the concept topic into a task. Do not simply repeat
the title.</p><p><b>Example of an ineffective short description</b> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>Crawlers</dt>
<dd>This topic is about crawlers, which are programs that search for information.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p><p>This ineffective short description provides only a vague
description. It does not answer why users should care about what crawlers
do or how they work.</p><p><b>Example of an effective short description</b><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Crawlers</dt>
<dd>Crawlers are programs that search for information on the Web, in databases,
or in other data sources. The information that the crawlers gather is added
to the search engine index. Crawlers must run regularly to ensure that the
search engine index is up to date.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p><p>The effective short description provides a more specific
definition of crawlers and describes why crawlers are useful to search engine
indexes.</p></section>
<section><title>Phrasing</title><p id="cphrasing">Do not use sentence fragments.
Use complete sentences. Avoid starting short descriptions with phrases such
as <q>This topic describes . . . .</q> or <q>This topic is about . . . .</q></p></section>
<section id="good_conc"><title>Examples of effective short descriptions</title><p>Topic
titles are in bold. Short descriptions are in plain text. Highlighting in
a short description will not appear in the pop-up text over a related link.<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Cube models</dt>
<dd><p>A cube model is a DB2 object that describes the data that is related
to a collection of measures. The cube model groups relevant dimension objects
around a facts object, creating a star schema or snowflake schema.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Search collections</dt>
<dd><p>A search collection is a set of data sources that users can search
with a single query. A search collection can contain data from Web sites,
file systems, and databases. You can build new collections or continue to
update existing collections.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Enterprise Bean Deployment tool</dt>
<dd><p>The Enterprise Bean Deployment tool helps you generate deployment code
for your enterprise beans before you run them on a test server or a production
server. You can use this tool from the command line or from WebSphere Studio
Application Developer.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Class shapes</dt>
<dd><p>In modeling diagrams, a class shape is a graphical element that represents
a Java class, a Java interface, or an EJB component. You can use multiple
instances of a class shape in one or more diagrams.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
<section id="bad_conc"><title>Examples of ineffective short descriptions</title><p>Topic
titles are in bold. Short descriptions are in plain text.<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Cube models</dt>
<dd>A cube model is a collection of metadata objects.<p>Compare this short
description to the same topic in <xref href="#concept_shortdesc/good_conc"
type="section">Examples of good short descriptions</xref>.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>EJB deployment tool</dt>
<dd>Generates deployment code.<p>This short description is a fragment.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Types of spatial indexes</dt>
<dd>Good query performance is related to having efficient indexes defined
on the columns of the base tables in a database. The performance of the query
is directly related to how quickly values in the column can be found during
the query. Queries that use an index can execute more quickly and can provide
a significant performance improvement.<p>This short description does not address
the topic title, and it is too long. The topic is about spatial indexes, yet
the short description discusses query performance. The writer might be using
the short description to lead in or build up to a point. However, the short
description should directly state the main point.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Guidelines for writing a program for debugging</dt>
<dd>You can make your programs easier to debug by following these simple guidelines: <p>Avoid
adding a list or table lead-in sentence to a short description. You cannot
add an &lt;ol> or &lt;ul> element inside a short description element. If you
add a list or table lead-in sentence and then add the list or table to the
next available element, the list or table will not be logically associated
with the &lt;shortdesc> element. Such a structure is semantically incorrect.
You will not be able to reuse the list or table with its lead-in sentence.
Also, this short description will not make sense in pop-up text for a related
link.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
</body><?Pub Caret1?>
</topic>
<?Pub *0000006212?>
