<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="ref_shortdesc" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Guidelines for reference short descriptions</title>
<shortdesc>Always use the &lt;shortdesc> element in a reference topic. The
short description must make sense both as the opening text of the topic and
as pop-up text over a related link.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<author>Guidelines owner: Michelle Carey, from Content Workgroup</author>
<critdates><created date="18 May 2004"/></critdates>
<metadata>
<category audience="DITA authors" status="new"></category>
<keywords><indexterm>reference short descriptions, guidelines</indexterm>
<indexterm>short descriptions, reference guidelines</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Length</title><p id="rlength">Use one to three sentences or
up to 50 words.</p></section>
<section><title>What to say</title><p id="rwhattosay">Briefly describe what
the reference item does, what it is, or what it is used for.</p><p><b>Example
of an ineffective short description</b> <dl><dlentry>
<dt>COUNT command</dt>
<dd>DB2 Universal Database provides a COUNT command.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p><p>This short description states the obvious: that DB2
Universal Database provides this command. The short description does not tell
users what the command is for.</p><p><b>Example of an effective short description</b><dl>
<dlentry>
<dt><cmdname>COUNT</cmdname> command</dt>
<dd>The <cmdname>COUNT</cmdname> command displays the current number of rows
in the table. The rows are counted by the <cmdname>SQL SELECT COUNT(*)</cmdname> function.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p><p>This short description tells users what the command
does and how the command works.</p></section>
<section><title>Phrasing</title><p id="rphrasing">In most cases, use a complete
sentence. You can use a sentence fragment only for a topic that is very short,
such as an API topic and each of its subtopics. Use consistent phrasing across
libraries and information centers so that your information can be seamlessly
integrated with another product's information.</p></section>
<section><title>Examples of effective short descriptions</title><p>Topic titles
are in bold. Short descriptions are in plain text. Highlighting in a short
description will not appear in the pop-up text over a related link.<dl><dlentry>
<dt><parmname>autostop</parmname> parameter</dt>
<dd>Use the <parmname>autostop</parmname> parameter to direct a Q Apply program
to stop automatically when there are no transactions to apply. Default: <parmname>autostop</parmname>=N.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>ejbdeploy command</dt>
<dd><p>The command to generate deployment code. If this command is run without
any arguments, it displays a list of arguments that can be run with the command.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Metadata object rules</dt>
<dd><p>Three types of rules apply to metadata objects: base rules, cube model
completeness rules, and optimization rules. These rules ensure that each object
is valid both in and out of the context of a cube model and that effective
SQL queries can be written and optimized.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>WSDL service document</dt>
<dd><p>The WSDL service document groups a set of related ports together. The
WSDL service document is equivalent to a business service that is published
to a UDDI registry.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><cmdname>MQReadXML</cmdname> function</dt>
<dd><p>The <cmdname>MQREADXML</cmdname> function returns XMLVARCHAR data from
the MQSeries location that is specified by the <varname>receive-service</varname> option.
The <cmdname>MQREADXML</cmdname> function does not remove messages from the
queue that are associated with the <varname>receive-service</varname> option.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>getValue method</dt>
<dd><p>Returns the value of the item specified.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
<section><title>Examples of ineffective short descriptions</title><p>Topic
titles are in bold. Short descriptions are in plain text.<dl><dlentry>
<dt><parmname>autostop</parmname> parameter</dt>
<dd>Lets you direct a Q Apply program to automatically stop when there are
no transactions to apply.<p>Avoid phrasings such as <q>Lets you . . . .</q> in
most IBM documentation. Also, the effective version of this example includes
the default value.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>APIs for developing enterprise bean tools</dt>
<dd>Several APIs are made available for developers who are developing enterprise
bean tools.<p>This short description restates the topic title. It does not
add useful information. The passive voice also makes it difficult to identify
where or how the APIs <q>are made available.</q> This topic might also be
better suited as concept topic, not a reference topic.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Package com.ibm.faces.component</dt>
<dd>Contains IBM JSF components. <p>This short description should provide
more descriptive information about what the package contains and about the
IBM JSF components.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Metadata mappings between the Data Warehouse Center and CWM XML objects
and properties</dt>
<dd>The following table shows how Data Warehouse Center objects map to CWM
XML objects, based on the Common Warehouse Metamodel (CWM) Specification,
Version 1.0.<p>Avoid adding a list or table lead-in sentence to a short description.
You cannot add an &lt;ol> or &lt;ul> element inside a short description element.
If you add a list or table lead-in sentence and then add the list or table
to the next available element, the list or table will not be logically associated
with the &lt;shortdesc> element. Such a structure is semantically incorrect.
You will not be able to reuse the list or table with its lead-in sentence.
Also, this short description will not make sense in pop-up text for a related
link.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
</refbody><?Pub Caret1?>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000006069?>
