<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project.
  See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="extended-functionality">
  <title>Extended functionality</title>
  <reference id="code-reference">
    <title>Code reference processing</title>
    <refbody>
      <section>
        <title>Charset definition</title>
        <p>DITA-OT supports defining the code reference target file encoding using the
            <codeph>format</codeph> attribute. The supported format is:</p>
        <codeblock>format (";" space* "charset=" charset)?</codeblock>
        <p>If charset is not defined system default charset will be used. If charset is not
          recognized or supported, <keyword>DOTJ052E</keyword> error is thrown and system default
          charset is used as a fall-back.</p>
      </section>
      <example>
        <codeblock>&lt;coderef href="unicode.txt" format="txt; charset=UTF-8"/></codeblock>
      </example>
      <section>
        <title>Line range extraction</title>
        <p>Code reference can extract only a given line ranges with <codeph>line-range</codeph>
          pointer in the URI fragment. The format is:</p>
       <codeblock>uri ("#line-range(" start ("," end)? ")" )?</codeblock>
        <p>Start and end line numbers start from 1 and are inclusive. If end range
           is omitted, range ends in last line of the file.</p>
      </section>
      <example>
        <codeblock>&lt;coderef href="Parser.scala#line-range(5, 10)" format="scala"/></codeblock>
        <p>Only lines from 5 to 10 will be included in the output.</p>
      </example>
      <section>
        <title>RFC 5147</title>
        <p>DITA-OT implements line position and range from <xref keyref="rfc5147"/>. The format for line range is:</p>
        <codeblock>uri ("#line=" start? "," end? )?</codeblock>
        <p>Start and end line numbers start from 0 and are inclusive and exclusive, respectively. If
          the start range is omitted, range starts from the first line; if end range is omitted,
          range ends in last line of the file. The format for line position is:</p>
        <codeblock>uri ("#line=" position )?</codeblock>
        <p>Position line number starts from 0.</p>
      </section>
      <example>
        <codeblock>&lt;coderef href="Parser.scala#line=4,10" format="scala"/></codeblock>
        <p>Only lines from 5 to 10 will be included in the output.</p>
      </example>
    </refbody>
  </reference>
</reference>
