<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="plugin-configfile" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Plug-in configuration file</title>
<shortdesc>The <filepath>plugin.xml</filepath> controls all aspects
of a plug-in, making each extension visible to the rest of the toolkit.
The file uses pre-defined extension points to locate changes, and
integrates those changes into the core code.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section>       <p>The root element of the plugin.xml file is <codeph>&lt;plugin></codeph>,
and must         specify an <codeph>id</codeph> attribute. The <codeph>id</codeph> attribute
is used to         identify the plug-in, as well as to identify whether
pre-requisite plug-ins are available. The           <codeph>id</codeph> attribute
should follow the syntax rules:</p>       <codeblock>id    ::= token('.'token)*
token ::= ( [0..9] | [a..zA..Z] | ’_’ | ’-’ )+</codeblock>       <p>The <codeph>&lt;plugin></codeph> element
supports the following child elements: </p>       <ul>
<li>           <p><codeph>&lt;feature></codeph> defines an <i>extension</i> to
contribute to a defined               <i>extension point</i>. The
following attributes are supported:</p>           <simpletable keycol="1">
<sthead>
<stentry>Attribute</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Required</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry><codeph>extension</codeph></stentry>
<stentry>extension point identifier</stentry>
<stentry>yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry><codeph>value</codeph></stentry>
<stentry>comma separated string value of the extension</stentry>
<stentry>either <codeph>value</codeph> or <codeph>file</codeph></stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry><codeph>file</codeph></stentry>
<stentry>file path value of the extension, relative to           
     <filepath>plugin.xml</filepath></stentry>
<stentry>either <codeph>value</codeph> or <codeph>file</codeph></stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry><codeph>type</codeph></stentry>
<stentry>type of the <codeph>value</codeph> attribute</stentry>
<stentry>no</stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable>         </li>
  <li>
    <p><codeph>extension-point</codeph> defines new a <i>extension point</i> that can be used by other plug-ins. The following attributes are supported:</p>
    <simpletable keycol="1">
      <sthead>
        <stentry>Attribute</stentry>
        <stentry>Description</stentry>
        <stentry>Required</stentry>
      </sthead>
      <strow>
        <stentry><codeph>id</codeph></stentry>
        <stentry>extension point identifier</stentry>
        <stentry>yes</stentry>
      </strow>
      <strow>
        <stentry><codeph>name</codeph></stentry>
        <stentry>extension point name</stentry>
        <stentry>no</stentry>
      </strow>
    </simpletable>
  </li>
<li>           <p><codeph>&lt;require></codeph> defines plug-in dependencies.
The following attributes             are supported:</p>           <simpletable
keycol="1">
<sthead>
<stentry>Attribute</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Required</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry><codeph>plugin</codeph></stentry>
<stentry>vertical bar separated list of plug-ins that are required </stentry>
<stentry>yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry><codeph>importance</codeph></stentry><?Pub Caret 11?>
<stentry>flag whether plug-in is required or optional</stentry>
<stentry>no</stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable>         </li>
<li>           <p><codeph>&lt;template></codeph> defines files that
should be treated as               <i>templates</i>. The following
attributes are supported:</p>           <simpletable keycol="1">
<sthead>
<stentry>Attribute</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Required</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry><codeph>file</codeph></stentry>
<stentry>file path to the template, relative to <filepath>plugin.xml</filepath></stentry>
<stentry>yes</stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable>         </li>
<li>           <p><codeph>&lt;meta></codeph> defines metadata. The
following attributes are             supported:</p>           <simpletable
keycol="1">
<sthead>
<stentry>Attribute</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Required</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry><codeph>type</codeph></stentry>
<stentry>metadata name </stentry>
<stentry>yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry><codeph>value</codeph></stentry>
<stentry>metadata value</stentry>
<stentry>yes</stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable>         </li>
</ul>       <p>Any extension that is not recognized by the DITA-OT
is ignored; all elements other than           <codeph>&lt;plugin></codeph> are
optional. Since version 1.5.3 multiple extension         definitions
within a plug-in configuration file are combined; in older versions
only the last         extension definition is used. </p>       </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004256?>
