<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="preprocess-mappull" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Pull content into maps (mappull)</title>
<shortdesc>The <codeph>mappull</codeph> step pulls content from referenced topics into maps, and
then cascades data within maps. This step is implemented in XSLT.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><p>The <codeph>mappull</codeph> step makes the following changes to the DITA map:<ul>
<li>Titles are pulled from referenced DITA topics. Unless the @locktitle attribute is set to "yes",
the pulled titles replace the navigation titles specified on the &lt;topicref> elements.</li>
<li>The &lt;linktext> element is set based on the title of the referenced topic, unless it is
already specified locally.</li>
<li>The &lt;shortdesc> element is set based on the short description of the referenced topic, unless
it is already specified locally.</li>
<li>The @type attribute is set on &lt;topicref> elements that reference local DITA topics. The value
of the @type attribute is set to value of the root element of the topic; for example, a
&lt;topicref> element that references a task topic is given a @type attribute set to "task"".</li>
<li>Attributes that cascade, such as @toc and print, are made explicit on any child &lt;topicref
>elements. This allows future steps to work with the attributes directly, without reevaluating the
cascading behavior.</li>
</ul></p></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
