<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="preprocess-debugfilter" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Debug and filter (debug-filter)</title>
<shortdesc>The <codeph>debug-filter</codeph> step processes all referenced DITA content and creates
copies in a temporary directory. As the DITA content is copied, filtering is performed, debugging
information is inserted, and table column names are adjusted. This step is implemented in
Java.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section>     <p>The following modifications are made to the DITA source:</p><ul>
<li>If a DITAVAL file is specified, the DITA source is filtered according to the entries in the
DITAVAL file.</li>
<li>Debug information is inserted into each element using the @xtrf and @xtrc attributes. The values
of these attributes enable messages later in the build to reliably indicate the original source of
the error. For example, a message might trace back to the fifth &lt;ph> element in a specific DITA
topic. Without these attributes, that count might no longer be available due to filtering and other
processing.</li>
<li>The table column names are adjusted to use a common naming scheme. This is done only to simplify
later conref processing. For example, if a table row is pulled into another table, this ensures that
a reference to "column 5 properties" will continue to work in the fifth column of the new
table.</li>
</ul></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
