<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="XhtmlCommon">
 <title>Common XHTML processing</title>
 <shortdesc>After the pre-processing operation runs, XHTML-based builds each run a common series of
  Ant targets to generate XHTML file. Navigation may be created before or after this set of common
  routines.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>After the pre-processing is completed, the following targets are run for all of the XHTML-based builds:<ul>
    <li>If the <parmname>arg.css</parmname> parameter is passed to the build to add a CSS file, the
      <codeph>copy-css</codeph> target copies the CSS file from its source location to the relative
     location in the output directory.</li>
    <li>If a DITAVAL file is used, the <codeph>copy-revflag</codeph> target copies the default
     start- and end-revision flags into the output directory.</li>
    <li>The DITA topics are converted to XHTML files. Unless the @chunk attribute was specified,
     each DITA topic in the temporary directory now corresponds to one XHTML file.
      The<codeph>dita.inner.topics.xhtml</codeph> target is used to process documents that are in
     the map directory (or subdirectories of the map directory). The
      <codeph>dita.outer.topics.xhtml</codeph> target is used to process documents that are outside
     of the scope of the map, and thus might end up outside of the designated output directory.
     Various DITA-OT parameters control how documents processed by the
      <codeph>dita.outer.topics.xhtml</codeph> target are handled.</li>
   </ul></p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
