<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2008, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ditaot_t_migrating_html_to_dita" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Migrating HTML to DITA</title>
<abstract><shortdesc>You can use the DITA Open Toolkit to migrate
HTML to DITA. The migration tools are located in the <filepath>demo\h2d</filepath> directory.
The tools are updated version of the tools created by Robert D. Anderson
and published on developerWorks in 2005.</shortdesc>The "Related information"
section contains links to the original developerWorks articles, which
contain detailed information about these<?Pub Caret?> tools and how
to extend them.</abstract>
<prolog>
<author>Kristen James Eberlein</author>
<critdates><created date="9 May 2009"/></critdates>
</prolog>
<related-links>
<link href="http://www-128.ibm.com/developerworks/xml/library/x-dita8a"
scope="external"><linktext>Migrating HTML to DITA, Part 1: Simple
steps to move from HTML to DITA</linktext>
<desc>This is the first developerWorks article. The first of two parts,
this article explains how to get a quick start with DITA using HTML
topics that are already available. It shows you how to use the provided
XSLT transform to do the migration and examines what is needed to
ensure quality results.</desc>
</link>
<link href="http://www-128.ibm.com/developerworks/xml/library/x-dita8b"
scope="external"><linktext>Migrating HTML to DITA, Part 2: Extend
the migration for more robust results</linktext>
<desc>This is the second developerWorks article. In Part 2 of this
two-part series on how to quickly migrate HTML topics to DITA, the
author explains the details of migration and shows you how to override
parts of this process for ideal results.</desc>
</link>
</related-links>
</task>
<?Pub *0000001888?>
