<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2008, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN"
 "ditabase.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<dita>
<topic id="conref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Reuse file</title>
<shortdesc>Contains elements that are reused in the documentation
for the DITA Open Toolkit</shortdesc>
</topic>
<concept id="concept" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Concept</title>
<conbody></conbody>
</concept>
<reference id="reference" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Reference</title>
<refbody>
<section><title>Ant parameters</title><draft-comment>Here are existing
resources about the DITA OT parameters: <ul>
<li><xref href="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/doc/DITA-parameters.html"
scope="external"></xref></li>
<li><xref
href="http://dita.xml.org/wiki/parameters-to-the-dita-ot-transform"></xref></li>
</ul></draft-comment><?Pub Caret?><lines><!--The <ph id="valid_values_yes_no"> element is used in many <pd> elements.--><ph
id="valid_values_yes_no">The valid values are yes and no. The default value is no.</ph></lines><parml>
<plentry id="args.artlbl">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.artlbl">args.artlbl</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.artlbl">An optional parameter that specifies whether
the path and name of the image file are displayed in brackets after
the image. <ph conref="#reference/valid_values_yes_no"></ph></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.breadcrumbs" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.breadcrumbs">args.breadcrumbs</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.breadcrumbs">An optional parameter that specifies
whether bread crumb links are generated in the output. <ph
conref="#reference/valid_values_yes_no"></ph></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.copycss">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.copycss">args.copycss</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.copycss">An optional parameter that specifies whether
to copy the user-specified CSS file to the output directory. (The
default DITA Open Toolkit files, <filepath>commonltr.css</filepath> or <filepath>commonrtl.css</filepath>,
are automatically copied to the output directory.) When used in conjunction
with the <parmname>args.csspath</parmname> parameter, all CSS files
are copied to the specified subdirectory. <ph
conref="#reference/valid_values_yes_no"></ph></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.css">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.css">args.css</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.css">An optional parameter that specifies a user-supplied
CSS file. By default, the HTML references either <filepath>commonltr.css</filepath> or <filepath>commonrtl.css</filepath>.
When you specify an additional CSS file using the <parmname>args.css</parmname> parameter,
that CSS file also is referenced in the &lt;head> of the HTML page.
Use this parameter to locate the CSS file on the build system. The
following values are valid:<ul>
<li>A fully qualified file name.</li>
<li>A file name. For this to work, you must also issue the <parmname>args.cssroot</parmname> parameter.</li>
<li>A relative path and file name. For this to work, you must also
issue the <parmname>args.cssroot</parmname> parameter.</li>
</ul></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.csspath">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.csspath">args.csspath</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.csspath">An optional parameter that specifies the
path of the @href attribute for the &lt;link> element in the HTML
output. This can be useful if you want all the CSS files to be located
in a subdirectory of the output directory, or if you want to refer
to a CSS file located on a Web server. Valid values are one of the
following:<ul>
<li>A local relative path. Use <userinput>/</userinput> as the path
separator; do not append a path separator to the end of the value.</li>
<li>An absolute path that begins with <userinput>http://</userinput> or <userinput>https://</userinput>.</li>
</ul>The default value is no path.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.cssroot">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.cssroot">args.cssroot</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.cssroot">An optional parameter that specifies the
root directory of a user-specified CSS file. If this parameter is
set, the value of the <parmname>args.css</parmname> parameter must
be a file path relative to <parmname>args.cssroot</parmname>.<!--<draft-comment>Here are some messages from the Yahoo! list that are
pertinent:<ul>
<li><xref
href="https://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&amp;aid=1400140&amp;group_id=132728&amp;atid=725077"
scope="external">Deborah Pickett's original feature request</xref></li>
<li><xref
href="http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/4912"
scope="external"></xref></li>
</ul></draft-comment>--></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.debug" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.debug">args.debug</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.debug">An optional parameter that specifies whether
the log contains extra debugging information. <ph
conref="#reference/valid_values_yes_no"></ph></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.dita.locale" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.dita.locale">args.dita.locale</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.dita.locale">An optional parameter that specifies
the locale that is used to sort the &lt;indexterm> elements. The valid
values are specified in  the <filepath>string.xml</filepath> file
that is located in the <filepath><varname>DITAOT</varname>\xsl\common</filepath> directory,
where <varname>DITAOT</varname> is the directory where the DITA Open
Toolkit is installed. By default, the value of the first occurrence
of the @xml-lang attribute found in the DITA source is used. If no
@xml-lang attribute is found, en-us is used.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.draft">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.draft">args.draft</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.draft">An optional parameter that specifies whether
draft comments and the content of &lt;required-cleanup> elements are
rendered in output. <ph conref="#reference/valid_values_yes_no"></ph></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.eclipse.provider">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.eclipse.provider">args.eclipse.provider</parmname><synph></synph></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.eclipse.provider">An optional parameter that specifies
the value of providerName in the <filepath>plugin.properties</filepath> file.
The default value is DITA.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.eclipse.version">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.eclipse.version">args.eclipse.version</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.eclipse.version">An optional parameter that specifies
the version of the Eclipse help. The default value is 1.0.<draft-comment>Does
the default value need to be updated?</draft-comment><draft-comment>Here
are some messages from the Yahoo! list that are pertinent:<ul>
<li><xref
href="http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/8627"
scope="external"></xref></li>
<li><xref
href="http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/8629"
scope="external"></xref></li>
<li><xref
href="http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/10435"
scope="external"></xref></li>
</ul></draft-comment></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.eclipsecontent.toc">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.eclipsecontent.toc">args.eclipsecontent.toc</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.eclipsecontent.toc">An optional parameter that specifies
XXX. The default value is the name of the DITA map.<draft-comment>Content
from existing documentation or release notes:<ul>
<li>"the root file name of the output Eclipse content provider toc
file in eclipsecontent transformation." </li>
<li>The original parameter "args.eclipse.toc" in "Ant tasks and script"
was separated to "args.eclipsehelp.toc" for DITA-to-Eclipse help transformation,
and "args.eclipsecontent.toc" for DITA-to-dynamic Eclipse content
transformation. See <xref
href="http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/1146"
scope="external"></xref> for more information.</li>
<li>Additional notes that apply to Release 1.1.2 as well: <xref
href="http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/120"
scope="external">http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/120</xref></li>
</ul></draft-comment></pd>
<pd><draft-comment>Does this parameter also apply to the dita2eclipsehelp
transformation?</draft-comment></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.eclipsehelp.toc">
<pt><synph><parmname id="parmname_args.eclipsehelp.toc">args.eclipsehelp.toc</parmname></synph></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.eclipsehelp.toc">An optional parameter that specifies
the root name of the Eclipse table of contents (TOC) file. The default
value is the root name of the DITA map.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.figurelink.style" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_arg.figurelink.style">arg.figurelink.style</parmname></pt>
<pd>An optional parameter that specifies how cross references to figures
are rendered. The valid values are figure and title. The default value
is figure.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.fo.img.ext" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.fo.img.ext">args.fo.img.ext</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.fo.img.ext">An optional parameter that specifies the
extension for image files. The valid values are jpg and gif. If no
value is specified, the image files are used as-is..             
    <draft-comment>What values are valid?</draft-comment></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.fo.output.rel.links">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.fo.output.rel.links">args.fo.output.rel.links</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.fo.output.rel.links">An optional parameter that specifies
whether related linked are rendered in output. <ph
conref="#reference/valid_values_yes_no"></ph>                 </pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.fo.userconfig" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.fo.userconfig">args.fo.userconfig</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.fo.userconfig">An optional parameter that specifies
the user configuration file for Apache Formatting Objects Processor
(FOP).</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.ftr">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.ftr">args.ftr</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.ftr">An optional parameter that specifies the fully
qualified name of a file that contains an XHTML fragment. The fragment
is written before the &lt;/body> element in the XHTML output. The
HTML fragment must have a single root element, such as &lt;div>.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.gen.default.meta" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.gen.default.meta">args.gen.default.meta</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.gen.default.meta">An optional parameter that specifies
whether to "generate extra metadata that targets parental control
scanners (meta elements with name="security" and name="Robots')."</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.gen.task.lbl" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.gen.task.lbl">args.gen.task.lbl</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.gen.task.lbl">An optional parameter that specifies
whether to generate locale-based headings for &lt;section> elements
in task topics. <ph conref="#reference/valid_values_yes_no"></ph></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.hdf">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.hdf">args.hdf</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.hdf">An optional parameter that specifies the fully
qualified name of a file that contains an XHTML fragment. The fragment,
often JavaScript, is written in the &lt;head> element in the XHTML
output. The HTML fragment must have a single root element, such as &lt;div>.
Since a &lt;div> element is not valid in the &lt;head> element, it
is not included in the XHTML output.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.hdr">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.hdr">args.hdr</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.hdr">An optional parameter that specifies the fully
qualified name of a file that contains an XHTML fragment. The fragment
is written after the &lt;body> element in the XHTML output. The HTML
fragment must have a single root element, such as &lt;div>.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.hide.parent.link" rev="1">
<pt><synph><parmname id="parmname_args.hide.parent.link">args.hide.parent.link</parmname></synph></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.hide.parent.link">An optional parameter that specifies
whether to hide the links to parent topics in the rendered XHTML. <ph
conref="#reference/valid_values_yes_no"></ph></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.htmlhelp.includefile">
<pt><parmname>args.htmlhelp.includefile</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.htmlhelp.includefile">An optional parameter that specifies
XXX.<draft-comment><ul>
<li>Content from original documentation: "the file that need to be
included by the HTMLHelp output"</li>
<li>Information from Deborah Picket: "there's an args.htmlhelp.includefile
argument for the dita2htmlhelp target, which can get an extra #include
line into the [FILES] section." This refers to the [FILES] section
of the generated HHP file, before hhc.exe gets called. See <xref
href="http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/3272"
scope="external"></xref></li>
<li>More info about actually doing this: <xref
href="http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/13520"
scope="external"></xref> </li>
</ul></draft-comment></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.indexshow">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.indexshow">args.indexshow</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.indexshow">An optional parameter that specifies whether
the content of in-line &lt;indexterm> elements is displayed in the
body of the text. The content of &lt;indexterm> elements located in
the &lt;prolog> are not displayed. <ph
conref="#reference/valid_values_yes_no"></ph></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.input">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.input">args.input</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.input">An optional parameter that specifies the name
and path of the input file. This parameter is case sensitive.    
                  <note id="argsinput-note">This parameter must be
provided if <parmname>dita.input</parmname> and and <parmname>dita.input.dirname</parmname> are
not provided.</note></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.javahelp.map">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.javahelp.map">args.javahelp.map</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.javahelp.map">An optional parameter that specifies
the root name of the JavaHelp map file. The default value is the root
name of the DITA map file.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.javahelp.toc">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.javahelp.toc">args.javahelp.toc</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.javahelp.toc">An optional parameter that specifies
the root name of the JavaHelp table of contents (TOC) file. The default
value is the root name of the DITA map file.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.logdir">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.logdir">args.logdir</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.logdir">An optional parameter that specifies the directory
where the generated log files are written. The default value is the
output directory.<note id="argslogdir-note">If you run an aggregated
target, for example, the all target that is used by the DITA Open
Toolkit demos, the following behavior occurs:                <ul>
<li>If the value of <parmname>args.logdir</parmname> is the same for
all transformations, the directory specified by the <parmname>args.logdir</parmname> parameter
is used.</li>
<li>If the value of <parmname>args.logdir</parmname> varies among
the transformations, but the transformations share a common output
directory, the generated log files are written to the common output
directory.</li>
<li>If the values of both <parmname>args.logdir</parmname> and <parmname>output.dir</parmname> vary
among the transformations, the generated log files are written to
the <parmname>basedir</parmname> directory.</li>
</ul></note></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.outext">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.outext">args.outext</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.outext">An optional parameter that specifies the extension
for the XHTML files that are generated. Valid values are any text
strings, although htm or html is required by current Web browsers.
The default value is html.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.tablelink.style" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.tablelink.style">args.tablelink.style</parmname></pt>
<pd>An optional parameter that specifies how cross references to tables
are rendered. The valid values are number and title. The default value
is number.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.xhtml.classattr" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.xhtml.classattr">args.xhtml.classattr</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.xhtml.classattr">An optional parameter that specifies
whether to include information about DITA class ancestry within the
generated XHTML elements. <ph conref="#reference/valid_values_yes_no"></ph></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.xsl">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_args.xsl">args.xsl</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.xsl">An optional parameter that specifies the XSL
file. The default value depends on the transformation type:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>docbook</dt>
<dd>dita2docbook.xsl </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>eclipsehelp</dt>
<dd>dita2xhtml.xsl</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>htmlhelp</dt>
<dd>dita2html.xsl</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>javahelp</dt>
<dd>dita2html.xsl</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>pdf </dt>
<dd>dita2fo-shell.xsl</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>wordrtf</dt>
<dd rev="1">dita2rtf.xsl </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>xhtml</dt>
<dd>dita2xhtml.xsl</dd>
</dlentry></dl></pd>
</plentry><plentry>
<pt></pt>
<pd><ul id="ul_transtype_options">
<li>docbook</li>
<li>eclipsecontent</li>
<li>eclipsehelp</li>
<li>htmlhelp</li>
<li>javahelp</li>
<li rev="1">pdf </li>
<li>troff</li>
<li>wordrtf</li>
<li>xhtml</li>
</ul></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="basedir" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_basedir">basedir</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_basedir_java">An optional parameter that specifies the
directory where the Ant processing begins. If a relative path is used, <parmname>basedir</parmname> is
set relative to the current directory. If not specified, the default
value is the current directory.<draft-comment>Is this also equivalent
to directory where the Ant script is located?</draft-comment></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="clean.temp" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_clean.temp">clean.temp</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_clean.temp">An optional parameter that specifies whether
the temp directory is erased after each build. The valid values are
yes and no. The default value is yes.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="dita.dir">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_dita.dir">dita.dir</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_dita.dir">An optional parameter that specifies the absolute
path of directory where the DITA Open Toolkit is installed. The default
value is the current directory.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="dita.extname">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_dita.extname">dita.extname</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_dita.extname">An optional parameter that specifies the
file extension of the files that are written to the temp directory.
The valid values are dita, .dita, xml, and .xml. The default value
is xml.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="generate.copy.outer" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_generate.copy.outer">generate.copy.outer</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_generate.copy.outer">An optional parameter that specifies
how the DITA Open Toolkit processes files that are neither in the
same directory as the DITA map nor in a subdirectory of the directory
that contains the DITA map. The following values are valid:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>1</dt>
<dd>Only files that are in the same directory as the DITA map or in
a subdirectory of the DITA map are generated.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>2</dt>
<dd>All files are generated, including files that are written to a
directory outside of the output directory.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>3</dt>
<dd>The directories are adjusted so that all files are generated within
the output directory.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>The default value is 1.<draft-comment>Is this really
about how files are processed or is it always about the output directory?
Has the default value changed over releases?</draft-comment><draft-comment>The
following messages on dita-users contain information:<ul>
<li><xref
href="http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/7505"
scope="external">http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/7505</xref></li>
<li><xref
href="http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/7499"
scope="external">http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/7499</xref></li>
</ul> for more information</draft-comment></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="dita.input">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_dita.input">dita.input</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_dita.input">An optional parameter that specifies the name
of the input file. It must be used in conjunction with the <parmname>dita.input.dirname</parmname> parameter. <note>This
is deprecated in favor of the <parmname>args.input</parmname> parameter.</note></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="dita.input.dirname">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_dita.input.dirname">dita.input.dirname</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_dita.input.dirname">An optional parameter that specifies
the directory that contains the input file. It must be used in conjunction
with the <parmname>dita.input</parmname> parameter.<note>This is deprecated
in favor of the <parmname>args.input</parmname> parameter.</note></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="dita.input.valfile">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_dita.input.valfile">dita.input.valfile</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_dita.input.valfile">An optional parameter that specifies
name and relative path of the DITAVAL file.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="dita.temp.dir">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_dita.temp.dir">dita.temp.dir</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_dita.temp.dir">An optional parameter that specifies the
directory where the temporary files are written. The default value
is temp.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="onlytopic.in.map" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_onlytopic.in.map">onlytopic.in.map</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_onlytopic.in.map">An optional parameter that specifies
whether DITA topics that are not referenced in DITA map files are
generated. Examples of files not referenced in a DITA map file are
topics that are referenced only from &lt;xref> or &lt;link> elements
within a DITA file. Valid values are true and false. The default value
is false.<draft-comment>Here is information that Robert Anderson provided
on 8 October 2009: "this could be useful when your topics refer directly
to topics in other plug-ins, but you do not want to build those other
topics. By default, anything referenced by an &lt;xref> will be built;
it is not part of the navigation, and is only findable if you go through
the topic that referenced it."</draft-comment></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="outer.control" rev="1">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_outer.control">outer.control</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_outer.control">An optional parameter that specifies how
the DITA Open Toolkit responds if files would be generated outside
of the output directory. The following values are valid:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>fail</dt>
<dd>The transformation does not run if files would be generated outside
of the output directory.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>quiet</dt>
<dd>The transformation runs, but a warning is logged.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><dl><dlentry>
<dt>warn</dt>
<dd>The transformation runs; no warning or error is generated.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><draft-comment>Described by Deborah Pickett "as designed
to work around the specific issue of allowing Eclipse infocenter plugins
to refer to each other". Circa June 2008. See <xref format="html"
href="http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/dita-users/message/10817"
scope="external"></xref> for more information.</draft-comment><draft-comment>Robert
Anderson commented on 8 October 2009 that we should ask Steven about
this; are the explanations for quiet and warn reversed?</draft-comment></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="output.dir">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_output.dir">output.dir</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_output.dir">A required parameter that specifies the directory
where the DITA Open Toolkit writes the output.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="validate">
<pt><parmname id="parmname_validate">validate</parmname></pt>
<pd id="pd_validate">An optional parameter that specifies whether
the input files are validated. The valid values are true and false.
The default value is true.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="args.xhtml.toc">
<pt><synph><kwd>/xhtmltoc</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.xhtml.toc</var></synph></pt>
<pd id="pd_args.xhtml.toc">An optional parameter that specifies the
name of the table of contents (TOC) file for the XHTML transformation.
The default value is index.</pd>
</plentry>
<!--New PDF parameters-->
<plentry id="args.bookmark.style">
<pt><parmname>args.bookmark.style</parmname></pt>
<pd>Description needed</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="artworkPrefixUrl">
<pt><parmname>artworkPrefixUrl</parmname></pt>
<pd>Description needed</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="customization.dir">
<pt><parmname>customization.dir</parmname></pt>
<pd>Description needed</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="disableRelatedLinks">
<pt><parmname>disableRelatedLinks</parmname></pt>
<pd>Description needed</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="document.locale">
<pt><parmname>document.locale</parmname></pt>
<pd>Description needed</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="file.protocol.prefix">
<pt><parmname>file.protocol.prefix</parmname></pt>
<pd>Description needed</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="pdf.formatter">
<pt><parmname>pdf.formatter</parmname></pt>
<pd>Description needed</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="publish.required.cleanup">
<pt><parmname>publish.required.cleanup</parmname></pt>
<pd>Description needed</pd>
</plentry></parml></section>
<section>       <title>Parameters used for the Java command-line interface</title> 
     <parml><plentry id="artlbl">
<pt><synph><kwd>/artlbl</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.artlbl</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.artlbl"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="basedir_java">
<pt><synph><kwd>/basedir:</kwd><var>basedir</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_basedir_java"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="cleantemp">
<pt><synph><kwd>/cleantemp</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>clean.temp</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_clean.temp"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="copycss">
<pt><synph><kwd>/copycss</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.copycss</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.copycss"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="css">
<pt><synph><kwd>/css</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.css</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.css"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="csspath">
<pt><synph><kwd>/csspath</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.csspath</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.csspath"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="cssroot">
<pt><synph><kwd>/cssroot</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.cssroot</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.cssroot"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="ditadir">
<pt><synph><parmname>/ditadir:</parmname><var>dita.dir</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_dita.dir"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="ditaext">
<pt><synph><kwd>/ditaext</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>dita.extname</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_dita.extname"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="ditalocale">
<pt><synph><kwd>/ditalocale</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.dita.locale</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.dita.locale"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="draft">
<pt><synph><kwd>/draft</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.draft</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.draft"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="eclipsecontenttoc">
<pt><synph><kwd>/eclipsecontenttoc</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.eclipsecontent.toc</var></synph></pt>
<pd
conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.eclipsecontent.toc"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="eclipsehelptoc">
<pt><synph><kwd>/eclipsehelptoc</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.eclipsehelp.toc</var></synph></pt>
<pd
conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.eclipsehelp.toc"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="filter">
<pt><synph><kwd>/filter</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>dita.input.valfile</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_dita.input.valfile"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="foimgext">
<pt><synph><kwd>/foimgext</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.fo.img.ext</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.fo.img.ext"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="fooutputrellinks">
<pt><synph><kwd>/fooutputrellinks</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.fo.output.rel.links</var></synph></pt>
<pd
conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.fo.output.rel.links"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="fouserconfig">
<pt><synph><kwd>/fouserconfig</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.fo.userconfig</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.fo.userconfig"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="ftr">
<pt><synph><kwd>/ftr</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.ftr</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.ftr"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="generateouter">
<pt><synph><kwd>/generateouter</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>generate.copy.outer</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_generate.copy.outer"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="help">
<pt><synph><kwd>-h</kwd> or <kwd>-help</kwd></synph></pt>
<pd>An optional parameter that displays help for the Java command-line
interface.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="hdr">
<pt><synph><kwd>/hdr</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.hdr</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.hdr"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="hdf">
<pt><synph><kwd>/hdf</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.hdf</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.hdf"></pd>
<pd>This option requires an absolute path.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="htmlhelpincludefile">
<pt><synph><kwd>/htmlhelpincludefile</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.htmlhelp.includefile</var></synph></pt>
<pd
conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.htmlhelp.includefile"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="i">
<pt><synph><kwd>/i</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.input</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.input"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="id">
<pt><synph><kwd>/id</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>dita.input.dirname</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_dita.input.dirname"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="if">
<pt><synph><kwd>/if</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>dita.input</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_dita.input"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="indexshow">
<pt><synph><kwd>/indexshow</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.indexshow</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.indexshow"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="javahelpmap">
<pt><synph><kwd>/javahelpmap</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.javahelp.map</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.javahelp.map"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="javahelptoc">
<pt><synph><kwd>/javahelptoc</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.javahelp.toc</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.javahelp.toc"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="logdir">
<pt><synph><kwd>/logdir</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.logdir</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.logdir"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="onlytopicinmap">
<pt><synph><kwd>/onlytopicinmap</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>onlytopic.in.map</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_onlytopic.in.map"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="outdir">
<pt><synph><kwd>/outdir</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>output.dir</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_output.dir"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="outercontrol">
<pt><synph><kwd>/outercontrol</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>outer.control</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_outer.control"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="outext">
<pt><synph><kwd>/outext</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.outext</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.outext"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="provider">
<pt><synph><kwd>/provider</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.eclipse.provider</var></synph></pt>
<pd
conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.eclipse.provider"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="tempdir">
<pt><synph><kwd>/tempdir</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>dita.temp.dir</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_dita.temp.dir"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="PlentrytranstypeTranstypeARequir...">
<pt><synph><kwd>/transtype</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>transtype</var></synph></pt>
<pd>A required parameter that specifies the type of transformation.
The following values are valid:<ul
conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/ul_transtype_options">
<li></li>
</ul></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="validate_java">
<pt><synph><kwd>/validate</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>validate</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_validate"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="version">
<pt><synph><kwd>-version</kwd></synph></pt>
<pd>An optional parameter that displays the version of the DITA Open
Toolkit.</pd>
</plentry><plentry id="xhtmltoc">
<pt><synph><kwd>/xhtmltoc</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.xhtml.toc</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.xhtml.toc"></pd>
</plentry><plentry id="xsl">
<pt><synph><kwd>/xsl</kwd><delim>:</delim><var>args.xsl</var></synph></pt>
<pd conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#reference/pd_args.xsl"></pd>
</plentry></parml>           </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<task id="task" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Task</title>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step id="run_startcmd"><cmd>Run either the <filepath>startcmd.bat</filepath> or <filepath>startcmd.sh</filepath> file.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
</dita>
<?Pub *0000033877?>
