<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2008, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="ditaot_t_migrating_html_dita_ant" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Migrating HTML to DITA using Ant</title>
<shortdesc>You can use ANT to migrate HTML files to DITA.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<author>Kristen James Eberlein</author>
<critdates><created date="9 May 2009"/></critdates>
</prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step conref="ditaot_ditabase_conref.dita#task/run_startcmd"><?Pub
Caret1?><cmd></cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Change to the <filepath><varname>DITAOT</varname>\demo\h2d</filepath> directory,
where <varname>DITAOT</varname> is the root directory of the DITA
Open Toolkit installation.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Run the following command:</cmd><info><codeblock>ant -f build.xml [options]</codeblock>where
options are the following parameters:<parml><plentry>
<pt><synph><kwd>-Dargs.input=</kwd><var>input</var></synph></pt>
<pd>Specifies the location of the HTMl files to be transformed. The <varname>input</varname> variable
can be either a file name or directory. The default value is the current
directory.</pd>
</plentry><plentry>
<pt><synph><kwd>-Dargs.output=</kwd><var>output</var></synph></pt>
<pd>Specifies the directory where the DITA files are written. The
default value is the current directory.</pd>
</plentry><plentry>
<pt><synph><kwd>-Dargs.infotype=</kwd><var>type</var></synph></pt>
<pd>Specifies the type of DITA file. The <varname>type</varname> variable
takes the following values: concept, reference, task, or topic. The
default value is topic.</pd>
</plentry><plentry>
<pt><synph><kwd>-Dargs.dita.ext=</kwd><var>file_extension</var></synph></pt>
<pd>Specifies the extension for the generated files. The <varname>file_extension</varname> variable
takes the following values: dita or xml. The default value is dita.</pd>
</plentry><plentry>
<pt><synph><kwd>-Dargs.lang=</kwd><var>language</var></synph></pt>
<pd>Specifies the language attribute for the generated files. The <varname>language</varname> variable
takes the values specified in the <filepath>string.xml</filepath> file
located in the <filepath><varname>DITAOT</varname>\xsl\common</filepath> directory,
where <varname>DITAOT</varname> is the root directory of the DITA
Open Toolkit installation. The default value is en-us.</pd>
</plentry><plentry>
<pt><synph><kwd>-Dargs.xsl=</kwd><var>XSL_file</var></synph></pt>
<pd>Specifies the XSL file used by the transformation.</pd>
</plentry></parml></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002636?>
