<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="usecase_template">
	<title>Use case template</title>
	
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-06-20"/>
			<revised modified="2006-08-08"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>evaluating DITA</keyword>
				<keyword>evaluating DITA Open Toolkit</keyword>
				<keyword>DITA use case</keyword>
				<keyword>use case</keyword>
				<keyword>DITA usage scenario</keyword>
				<keyword>usage scenario</keyword>
				<keyword>DITA customer success story</keyword>
				<keyword>customer success story</keyword>
				<indexterm>use cases<indexterm>template for</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>usage scenarios<indexterm>template for</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>customer success stories<indexterm>template for</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>template for use cases</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<p>This sample template was included to promote consistency in writing up use cases for DITA or DITA Open Toolkit.</p>
		</section>
		<section id="summary">
			<title>Summary</title>
			<p>
				<b>Organization name</b>
			</p>
			<p/>
			<p>
				<b>Author name</b>
			</p>
			<p/>
			<p>
				<b>Date</b>
			</p>
			<p/>
			<p>
				<b>Industry, sector</b>
			</p>
			<p/>
			<p>
				<b>Category</b>
			</p>
			<p>
				<i>Examples: cost; translation, localization; working with a business or internal partner; using a library system or CMS; metadata (controlled vocabulary, ontology, taxonomy); content modeling; migrating legacy content; prototyping; lone writer scenario; output type (XHTML, HTML Help, PDF, etc); industry; distribution or access scenario.</i>
			</p>
			<p>
				<b>Prime motivation</b>
			</p>
			<p>
				<i>Examples: contain spiraling translation costs, reduce time to market, work more effectively with business partners</i>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="problem_solve">
			<title>Problem</title>
			<p>
				<i>What specific problem were you trying to solve? (100-200 words)</i>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="alternatives">
			<title>Alternatives</title>
			<p>
				<i>What alternatives did you explore or try, and what were the pros and cons of each? (50-100 words)</i>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="solution">
			<title>Solution</title>
			<p>
				<i>What was the solution, and what DITA-related tools and techniques did you use? (200-400 words)</i>
			</p>
			<p/>
		</section>
		<section id="result">
			<title>Result</title>
			<p>
				<i>Was the original problem completely solved? What was the user reaction? Include testimonials, if possible. (100-200 words)</i>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="future_plans">
			<title>Future plans</title>
			<p>
				<i>Is any follow-on work planned? If so, how did this project set the stage? (50-100 words)</i>
			</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
