<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><?workdir /Users/jelovirt/Work/dita-ot/src/main/temp/ChunkAttributeTest/preprocess/map7?><?workdir-uri file:/Users/jelovirt/Work/dita-ot/src/main/temp/ChunkAttributeTest/preprocess/map7/?><?path2project?><?path2project-uri ./?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN?><?doctype-system topic.dtd?>
<topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
  xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="topicmerge" xml:lang="en-us"
  ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
  domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   "
  class="- topic/topic ">
  <title class="- topic/title ">Topic merge</title>
  <body class="- topic/body ">
    <p class="- topic/p ">The topic merge feature improves the build speed of DITA files and reduces
      the possibility of meeting the out of memory exception in the build process. As illustrated in
      the following figure, when you run the build in previous releases of DITA Open Toolkit, the
      build speed is slow and you are likely to get out of memory exception.</p>
    <p class="- topic/p ">With this enhanced topic merge feature, you will be less likely to meet
      the out of memory exception error when you build output through DITA files. The intermediate
      merged file will keep the structure information in the DITA map, and the structured toc will
      be reflected in the output.</p>
    <p rev="r4" class="- topic/p ">To know more about this topic feature, you can write a script
      file first. DITA OT 1.3 offers a module, <codeph class="+ topic/ph pr-d/codeph "
        >TopicMerge</codeph>, that helps you implement this feature. You can use this module to
      generate the merged files. A sample usage of this module is as follows.</p>
    <p rev="r3" class="- topic/p ">Then, you need to type in the command window.<note
        class="- topic/note ">The path for -Dinput must be an absolute path</note></p>
  </body>
</topic>
