<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="index-see" rev="1.1" xml:lang="en-us"><?Pub Caret?>
<title>index-see</title>
<shortdesc>An &lt;index-see&gt; element within an &lt;indexterm&gt; redirects
the reader to another index entry that the reader should reference instead
of the current one.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>index-see</indexterm><indexterm>Indexing domain elements<indexterm>index-see</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section id="index-redirection"><p>The &lt;index-see&gt; and &lt;index-see-also&gt;
elements allow a form of redirection to another index entry within the generated
index. The &lt;index-see&gt; element refers to an index entry that the reader
should use <i>instead of</i> the current one, whereas the &lt;index-see-also&gt;
element refers to an index entry that the reader should use <i>in addition
to</i> the current one. </p><p>The &lt;index-see&gt; and &lt;index-see-also&gt;
elements are ignored if their parent indexterm element contains any indexterm
children.</p></section>
<section><p>Because an index-see indicates a redirection to use instead of
the current entry, it is an error if, for any index-see, there is also an
index-see-also or an indexterm  for the same index entry (i.e., with an identical
sort key). An implementation may (but need not) give an error  message, and
may (but need not) recover from this error condition by treating the index-see
as an index-see-also.</p><p>It is not an error for there to be multiple index-see
elements for a single index entry.</p></section>
<example><p>The following example illustrates the use of an &lt;index-see&gt;
redirection element within an &lt;indexterm&gt;:</p><codeblock>&lt;indexterm&gt;Carassius auratus
   &lt;index-see&gt;Goldfish&lt;/index-see&gt;
&lt;/indexterm&gt;</codeblock><p>This will typically generate an index entry
without a page reference:</p><ul>
<li id="WS31ee95e0b0c9e7e91643e4b10c8d987a95-7ff7">Carassius auratus, <i>see</i> Goldfish</li>
</ul><p>The following example illustrates the use of an &lt;index-see&gt;
redirection element to a more complex (multilevel) &lt;indexterm&gt;:</p><codeblock>&lt;indexterm&gt;Feeding goldfish
   &lt;index-see&gt;Goldfish &lt;indexterm&gt;feeding&lt;/indexterm&gt;&lt;/index-see&gt;
&lt;/indexterm&gt;</codeblock><p>This is part of the indexing markup that
might generate index entries such as:</p><ul>
<li id="WS31ee95e0b0c9e7e91643e4b10c8d987a95-7ffe">Feeding goldfish<ul>
<li id="WS31ee95e0b0c9e7e91643e4b10c8d987a95-7ffd"><i>see</i> Goldfish feeding</li>
</ul></li>
<li id="WS31ee95e0b0c9e7e91643e4b10c8d987a95-7ffc">Goldfish<ul>
<li id="WS31ee95e0b0c9e7e91643e4b10c8d987a95-7ffb">feeding, 56</li>
<li id="WS31ee95e0b0c9e7e91643e4b10c8d987a95-7ffa">flushing, 128, 345</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></example>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/index-see-contains"
otherprops="contains"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/index-see-containedby"
otherprops="containedby"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/index-see-classvalue"
otherprops="classvalue"></section>
<section id="attrs"><title>Attributes</title> <simpletable id="index-see_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandkey"><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/></strow>
</simpletable> </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004330?>
