<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="map" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>map</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>map</keyword>&gt; element is used to define a
map which describes the relationships among a set of resources, such as DITA
topics. Maps consist of references to topics and other resources organized
into hierarchies, groups, and tables. Maps provide a way to express these
relationships in a single common format that can be used for different outputs. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>map</indexterm><indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>map</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>The containing element for a map is the &lt;<keyword>map</keyword>&gt;
element, which can take title and id attributes. Within the map, use the &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;
element to add and organize references to the topics, and the &lt;topicgroup&gt;
and &lt;reltable&gt; elements to provide non-hierarchical relationships. You
can use the &lt;map&gt; element to set default attribute values for all &lt;topicref&gt;
elements in the map.</p><draft-comment>Replaced the following paragraph in
the final committee draft of <?Pub Caret?>DITA 1.1: <p>While the title attribute
on a map is optional, the title attribute is required if the map is being
used to provide Eclipse help navigation files. The title attribute of the
map becomes the &lt;toc&gt; label attribute in Eclipse output, which is used
when the navigation file is set as primary (appearing at the top level of
the navigation rather than consumed by other navigation files).</p></draft-comment><p>The
title element may optionally be used to provide a title for the map. The title
element is allowed beginning with DITA 1.1, and is preferred over the title
attribute. In some scenarios the title is purely informational, and is present
as an aid to the author. In other scenarios it may be useful or even required.
For example, if a map is converted to Eclipse Help, the Eclipse system will
require a title for the resulting table of contents. In the bookmap specialization
of map, the title element provides a title for the book represented by that
map.</p></section>
<example><title>Example</title>In this example, there are six topicrefs. They
are nested and have a hierarchical relationship. The file bats.dita is the
parent topic and the other topics are its children. The hierarchy could be
used to generate a PDF, a navigation pane in an information center, a summary
of the topics, or related links between the parent topic and its children.<codeblock>&lt;map id="mybats"&gt;
 &lt;title>Bats&lt;/title>
 &lt;topicref href="bats.dita" type="topic"&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batcaring.dita" type="task"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batfeeding.dita" type="task"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batsonar.dita" type="concept"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batguano.dita" type="reference"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="bathistory.dita" type="reference"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
 &lt;/topicref&gt;
&lt;/map&gt;</codeblock></example>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/map-contains"
otherprops="contains"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/map-containedby"
otherprops="containedby"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/map-classvalue"
otherprops="classvalue"></section>
<section id="attrs"><title>Attributes</title> <simpletable id="map_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/title-map">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/id-map">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/conref-map">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/anchorref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/xmlnsditaarch">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/DITAArchVersion">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/domains-map">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/select-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/localization-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout"><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/></strow>
</simpletable> </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000006226?>
