<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="runmore" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Building your own content using the demo build</title>
<shortdesc>You can use the demo build to generate output for your own DITA content.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step conref="../readme/conref-task.dita#conref-task/if-necessary-run-startcmd">
<cmd/>
</step>
<step>
<cmd conref="../readme/conref-task.dita#conref-task/run-the-following-command"/>
<info conref="../readme/conref-task.dita#conref-task/run-demo-build-command"/>
</step>
<step><cmd>When prompted, type the name of a map.</cmd>
<info>You must specify the path for the DITA map. You either can specify a fully qualified file
name, for example,  <userinput>C:\DITA-OT1.6.M5\doc\userguide.ditamap</userinput>, or you can
specify a relative path, for example, <userinput>doc\userguide.ditamap</userinput></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>When prompted, type the name of the output directory.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>When prompted, type the value for the transformation type.</cmd>
<choicetable>
<chhead>
<choptionhd>Ouput format</choptionhd>
<chdeschd>Value</chdeschd>
</chhead>
<chrow>
<choption>Docbook</choption>
<chdesc>docbook</chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>Eclipse help</choption>
<chdesc>eclipse</chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>HTML help</choption>
<chdesc>htmlhelp</chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>PDF</choption>
<chdesc>pdf</chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>XHTML</choption>
<chdesc>web</chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow>
<choption>XHTML with a JavaScript frame set</choption>
<chdesc>tocjs</chdesc>
</chrow>
</choicetable></step>
<step><cmd>When prompted, press <uicontrol>Enter</uicontrol> to start the transformation.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result><p>The DITA-OT generates output for the specified DITA content. It runs the transformation that you
specified, and writes the output to the directory that you specified.</p></result>
<postreq>
<p>Explore invoking the DITA-OT from either Ant or the command-line tool. This enables you to
specify a wider array of parameters than those supported by the demo build.</p>
<p>Using Ant or the command-line tool, you can perform the following tasks (and more):<ul>
<li>Add a custom CSS file to the transformation</li>
<li>Generate labels for the sections of task topics</li>
<li>Specify that draft comments are included in the output</li>
<li>Turn on "Related link" sections in a PDF file</li>
</ul></p>
</postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
