<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="distributions">
	<title>DITA Open Toolkit distributions</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<author type="contributor">Youyi Zhou</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-05-01"/>
			<revised modified="2007-03-31"/>
			<revised modified="2009-03-16"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>installing DITA Open Toolkit</keyword>
				<keyword>DITA Open Toolkit distributions</keyword>
				<indexterm>DITA Open Toolkit <indexterm>distributions</indexterm>
          <indexterm>full package distribution</indexterm>
          <indexterm>minimal package distribution</indexterm>
          <indexterm>source distribution</indexterm>
        </indexterm>
				<indexterm>DITA Open Toolkit User Guide
				    <indexterm>source files</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section id="distributions_term">
			<p>DITA Open Toolkit is available in the following distribution formats:
	<ul>
					<li>Full package distributuion</li>
					<li>Small package distribution</li>
					<li>Source distribution</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
			<p>These distributions are all available for download from <xref href="http://sourceforge.net/projects/dita-ot" format="html" scope="external"/>.</p>
			<p>
				<b>Full package distribution</b>
			</p>
			<p>The full package distribution contains the Toolkit and most of the basic tools required for doing document builds. Included in the full package are:
	<ul>
					<li>DITA Open Toolkit</li>
					<li>Ant build processor</li>
					<li>XML catalog resolver</li>
					<li>FOP processor for creating PDF outputs</li>
					<li>icu4j (ICU) globalization routines</li>
					<li>SAXON XSLT processor</li>
					<li>Shell scripts for setting the necessary runtime environment variables</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
			<p>To process DITA documents you must also download and install the Java J2SE SDK. </p>
			<p>If one of your target output types is HTML Help, you will probably want to install the Microsoft HTML Help compiler. If you one of your target output types is JavaHelp, you will probably want to install the JavaHelp processor.</p>
			<p>
        <b>Minimal package distribution</b>
      </p>
			<p>The minimal package distribution contains only DITA Open Toolkit. You must separately install
        all the other required and optional processors to create a functioning build
        environment.</p>
			<p>Release 1.2.2 and prior releases of the Toolkit were distributed only in this way.</p>
			<p>You might want to download this distribution if you have a prior version of the Toolkit already installed, since the release 1.3 and 1.3.1 Toolkit prerequisites are still the same as those for release 1.2.2.</p>
			<p>The minimal distribution is typically the one used to embed the Toolkit in other products.</p>
			<p>
				<b>Source distribution</b>
			</p>
			<p>The source distribution contains the source and executable code for the Toolkit (and it also contains the source code for this document). You might download this distribution if you need to modify Toolkit Java code or if you want a detailed look at how the Toolkit works.</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
