<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="xhtml_overview">
	<title>Customizing XHTML output overview</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Richard Johnson</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-05-01"/>
			<revised modified="2007-08-20"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>customizing published output</keyword>
				<keyword>XHTML</keyword>
				<indexterm>customizing XHTML output</indexterm>
				<indexterm>XHTML output, customizing</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<p>The Toolkit supports several &lt;property&gt; settings that can be used to customize the appearance of XHTML output. XHTML is generated when the "transtype" property has the value "xhtml". The following table shows which properties you can set that affect the appearance of your XHTML output:</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Parameter</stentry>
					<stentry>Definition, Usage</stentry>
					<stentry>Examples</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>args.ftr</stentry>
					<stentry>Path to the file containing XHTML to be placed in the body running-footer area of the output file. The file must be well-formed XML.
                </stentry>
					<stentry>Example: &lt;property name="args.ftr" value="C:/sandbox/myftr.xml"/&gt; 
</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>args.hdf</stentry>
					<stentry>Path to the file containing XHTML to be placed in the head area of the output file. The file must be well-formed XML, which means, for example, that you could include a JavaScript if it were labeled as CDATA.
                </stentry>
					<stentry>Example: &lt;property name="args.hdf" value="C:/sandbox/myhdf.xml"/&gt; 
</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>args.hdr</stentry>
					<stentry>Path to the file containing XHTML to be placed in the running-header area of the output file. The file must be well-formed XML.
                </stentry>
					<stentry>Example: &lt;property name="args.hdr" value="C:/sandbox/myhdr.xml"/&gt; 
</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
