<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="xslt_processing">
	<title>Overriding XSLT stylesheet processing</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Richard Johnson</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-05-01"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-10"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>XSLT processing</keyword>
				<keyword>stylesheet processing</keyword>
				<indexterm>XSLT processing</indexterm>
				<indexterm>stylesheet processing</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section conref="../core_vocabulary/xslt.dita#xslt/xslt_term"/>
		<section>
			<p>The following XSLT stylesheets in the <filepath>ditaot/xsl</filepath> directory perform output transformation for various types of output (specified by setting the transtype). For those stylesheets marked with an asterisk (*) in the following table, you can override the default stylesheet with one you create.</p>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Transtype (*can be overridden)</stentry>
					<stentry>XSLT stylesheet(s)</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>*docbook</stentry>
					<stentry>map2docbook.xsl, dita2docbook.xsl</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>eclipsecontent</stentry>
					<stentry>map2eclipse.xsl, map2plugin-cp.xsl</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>eclipsehelp</stentry>
					<stentry>map2eclipse.xsl</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>htmlhelp</stentry>
					<stentry>map2hhc.xsl, map2hhp.xsl</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>*javahelp</stentry>
					<stentry>dita2html.xsl</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>*pdf</stentry>
					<stentry>dita2fo-shell.xsl</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>troff</stentry>
					<stentry>dita2troff-step1-shell.xsl, dita2troff-step2-shell</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>*wordrtf</stentry>
					<stentry>dita2rtf.xsl</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>*xhtml</stentry>
					<stentry>dita2xhtml.xsl</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>How to override an XSLT stylesheet (generic instructions)</title>
			<p>Follow these steps to override XSLT processing in a build:
	<ol>
					<li>In the <filepath>ditaot/xsl</filepath> directory, make a copy of the stylesheet you want to override and save it with its own unique name (don't replace the stylesheet that was originally included with the Toolkit). <note>It is also possible to create a new stylesheet and use &lt;xsl:import&gt; to import the existing default stylesheet, and then make any changes you want to the existing targets.</note>
					</li>
					<li>In your new stylesheet, make any changes you want to the existing stylesheet code, and save it.</li>
					<li>In your Ant build script, specify the "args.xsl" property with name of your new stylesheet.</li>
					<li>Run your Ant build script.</li>
				</ol>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>XSLT override example</title>
			<p>Follow these steps to modify the processing for a PDF target to remove the author list from the title page of the <filepath>.pdf</filepath> file. (The default XSLT stylesheet for PDF will add one author line to the title page for every &lt;author&gt; element in the &lt;prolog&gt; section of each file in the source tree.)</p>
			<ol>
				<li>In the <filepath>xsl</filepath> directory of the Toolkit, make a copy of the file <filepath>dita2fo-shell.xsl</filepath> and save it as <filepath>xdita2fo-shell.xsl</filepath>.</li>
				<li>Delete the following text in the file near line 134:
		<codeblock>
&lt;fo:block font-size="11pt" font-weight="bold" line-height="1.5"&gt;
&lt;xsl:text&gt;[vertical list of authors]&lt;/xsl:text&gt;
&lt;/fo:block&gt;
&lt;xsl:for-each select="//author"&gt;
&lt;fo:block font-size="11pt" font-weight="bold" line-height="1.5"&gt;
[&lt;xsl:value-of select="."&gt;&lt;/xsl:value-of&gt;] &lt;/fo:block&gt;
&lt;/xsl:for-each&gt;
		</codeblock>
				</li>
				<li>Add the following line to the Ant target in your build script:
		<codeblock>
&lt;property name="args.xsl" value="${basedir}/xsl/xdita2fo-shell.xsl"/&gt;
        </codeblock>
				</li>
				<li>Run your Ant script again and verify that the <filepath>.pdf</filepath> output file does not have an author list on the first page.</li>
			</ol>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
