<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2004, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "../../dtd/reference.dtd">
<!--             (C) Copyright OASIS Open 2005.                    -->
<!--             (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2001, 2004.         -->
<!--             All Rights Reserved.                              -->
<reference id="keyword" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword>keyword</keyword></title>
<shortdesc>&lt;<keyword>keyword</keyword>> represents a word or phrase with
special significance in a particular domain. In the general case, &lt;<keyword>keyword</keyword>>
elements typically do not have any special semantics and processing associated
with them, but can still be useful for organizing content for reuse or special
processing. &lt;<keyword>keyword</keyword>> specializations are more meaningful
and are therefore preferable. &lt;<keyword>keyword</keyword>> in the &lt;<keyword>keywords</keyword><?Pub Caret?>>
element distinguishes a word or phrase that describes the content of a topic
(a topic description keyword). Topic description keywords are typically used
for searching, retrieval and classification purposes.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>keyword</indexterm><indexterm>Body elements<indexterm>keyword</indexterm>  </indexterm>
<indexterm>keyword</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section> <p>Specialized elements derived from &lt;<keyword>keyword</keyword>>
may also have extended processing, such as different formatting or automatic
indexing. If the keyref attribute is used, or some other method of key-based
lookup based on the value of the element itself, then the keyword can be turned
into a hyperlink on output (not currently supported).</p> <p>When DITA topics
are output to XHTML, any &lt;<keyword>keyword</keyword>> elements in the &lt;<keyword>keywords</keyword>>
element are placed in the Web page metadata.</p> </section>
<section conref="DitabaseNav.dita#commonCMdefs/keyword-contains"></section>
<section conref="DitabaseNav.dita#commonCMdefs/keyword-containedby"></section>
<section conref="DitabaseNav.dita#commonCMdefs/keyword-classvalue"></section>
<section><title>Attributes</title><simpletable id="keyword_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keyref-keyword">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
<example>          <title>Example</title><codeblock>&lt;p>The &lt;keyword>assert&lt;/keyword> pragma statement allows messages to be passed
to the emulator, pre-compiler, etc.. </codeblock>       </example>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003417?>
