<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2004, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "../../dtd/reference.dtd">
<!--             (C) Copyright OASIS Open 2005.                    -->
<!--             (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2001, 2004.         -->
<!--             All Rights Reserved.                              -->
<reference id="map" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword>map</keyword></title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>map</keyword>> element is used to define a map
which describes the relationships among a set of resources, such as DITA topics.
Maps consist of references to topics and other resources organized into hierarchies,
groups, and tables. Maps provide a way to express these relationships in a
single common format that can be used for different outputs. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>map</indexterm><indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>map</indexterm>  </indexterm>
<indexterm>map</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section> <p>The containing element for a map is the &lt;<keyword>map</keyword>>
element, which can take title and id attributes. Within the map, use the &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>>
element to add and organize references to the topics, and the &lt;topicgroup>
and &lt;reltable> elements to provide non-hierarchical relationships. You
can use the &lt;map> element to set default attribute values for all &lt;topicref>
elements in the map.</p> <p>While the title attribute on a map is optional,
the title attribute is required if the map is being used to provide Eclipse
help navigation files. The title attribute of the map becomes the &lt;toc>
label attribute in Eclipse output, which is used when the navigation file
is set as primary (appearing at the top level of the navigation rather than
consumed by other navigation files).</p> </section>
<section conref="MapNav.dita#commonCMdefs/map-contains"></section>
<section conref="MapNav.dita#commonCMdefs/map-containedby"></section>
<section conref="MapNav.dita#commonCMdefs/map-classvalue"></section>
<section><title>Attributes</title><simpletable id="map_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/title-map">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/id-map">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/anchorref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/select-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/DITAArchVersion">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classonly">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
<example><title>Example</title>In this example, there are six topicrefs. They
are nested and have a hierarchical relationship. The file bats.dita is the
parent topic and the other topics are its children. The hierarchy could be
used to generate a PDF, a navigation pane in an information center, a summary
of the topics, or related links between the parent topic and its children.<?Pub Caret?><codeblock>&lt;map title="Bats" id="mybats"> Bats
 &lt;topicref href="bats.dita" type="topic"
  &lt;topicref href="batcaring.dita" type="task">&lt;/topicref>
  &lt;topicref href="batfeeding.dita" type="task">&lt;/topicref>
  &lt;topicref href="batsonar.dita" type="concept">&lt;/topicref>
  &lt;topicref href="batguano.dita" type="reference">&lt;/topicref>
  &lt;topicref href="bathistory.dita" type="reference">&lt;/topicref>
 &lt;/topicref>
&lt;/map></codeblock>       </example>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004640?>
