<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2004, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "../../dtd/reference.dtd">
<!--             (C) Copyright OASIS Open 2005.                    -->
<!--             (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2001, 2004.         -->
<!--             All Rights Reserved.                              -->
<reference id="xref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword>xref</keyword></title>
<shortdesc>Use the cross-reference (&lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>>) element
to link to a different location within the current topic, or a different topic
within the same help system, or to external sources, such as Web pages, or
to a location in another topic. The <i><keyword>href</keyword></i> attribute
on the &lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>> element provides the location of the target.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>xref (cross reference)</indexterm><indexterm>cross reference
(xref)</indexterm><indexterm>Body elements<indexterm>xref (cross reference)</indexterm>  </indexterm>
<indexterm>xref (cross reference)</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section> <p>Typically it is best to restrict yourself to linking to reference
topics where the content of the target is clear from the &lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>>'s
text, for example API names and their descriptions. With other information
types, it may be less clear to the user whether they should follow the link,
and often they will, thereby missing important information in following paragraphs.
Therefore it is a good idea to use links at the end of the topic, in the &lt;<xref
href="related-links.dita">related-links</xref>> element, wherever possible,
rather than linking from within body content using &lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>>.
Links at the end of a topic can also be managed from outside the topic, using
DITA maps: this allows topics to be quickly integrated into new contexts without
breaking links.</p> </section>
<section conref="DitabaseNav.dita#commonCMdefs/xref-contains"></section>
<section conref="DitabaseNav.dita#commonCMdefs/xref-containedby"></section>
<section conref="DitabaseNav.dita#commonCMdefs/xref-classvalue"></section>
<section><title>Attributes</title><simpletable id="xref_attr" relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/href-xref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keyref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/type">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/format">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/scope">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable></section>
<example>          <title>Examples</title><p>Here's an example of a cross-reference
to another topic; that topic's title will be used as the link text.</p>  
        <codeblock>&lt;p>Background information about DITA is provided in the section titled
&lt;xref href="whatsdita.dita#tmmdita">&lt;/xref>.&lt;/p></codeblock>    
     <p>Here's an example of a cross-reference to another topic; the supplied
text will be used as the link text</p>           <codeblock>&lt;p>&lt;xref href="whatsdita.dita#tmmdita">Background information about DITA&lt;/xref> is provided
free of charge.&lt;/p></codeblock>          <p>If you are linking to anything
within a topic, you should use the following format in the href attribute: <codeblock>filename.xml#topicid/elementid</codeblock></p> 
        <p>If you are linking within the same file, you can leave off the
"filename.xml" part. So, for a section with the ID "mysection", you should
use: <codeblock>#topicid/mysection  </codeblock></p>          <p>For a list
item within that section, assuming the item has an ID of "mylist", use <codeblock>#topicid/mylist  </codeblock></p> 
        <p>Regardless of how deeply the target element is nested, the only
important pieces are the ID of the containing topic, and the ID of the target
element. IDs of topics in DITA must be unique within a file, but IDs of other
elements only need to be unique within the topic. You need to be sure that
the topic ID is part of your reference.</p>          <p>If your URL has an
ampersand in it, you need to code that using a symbol. For example; for this
URL:<codeblock>http://www.ibm.com/docview.wss?rs=757&amp;context=SSVNX5
</codeblock>You need to enter the &amp;amp; in the Href attribute as follows:<codeblock>&lt;xref href="http://www.ibm.com/docview.wss?rs=757<b>&amp;amp;</b
>context=SSVNX5">
Part number SSVNX5&lt;/xref></codeblock></p>        </example>
</refbody>
</reference><?Pub Caret?>
<?Pub *0000005755?>
