<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="about_css-customization">
	<title>About Customizing CSS </title>
	<conbody>
	<p audience="xslt-customizer">Several of the document output types supported by the DITA Open Toolkit use CascadingStyleSheets, or CSS. This functionality
	 enables organizations to use different CSSt for dirent documents in their documentation suite.
	 This functionality is available when the toolkit runs as part of your organization's build process that automatically
	generates your documentation. 
	</p>
	<p>The following CSS style class attributes can be specified in a <codeph>.ditaval</codeph> file:
	<ul>
	<li>underline</li>
	<li>double-underline</li>
	<li>italics</li>
	<li>overline</li>
	<li>bold</li>
	<li>strike-through</li>
	</ul>
</p>
<p>The toolkit also supports changebars as part of filtering content by document
 revision.  Revised content, as marked with changebars, may be filtered using the following CSS class attributes.</p>
<p><ul><li>Color</li><li>Offset</li><li>Placement</li><li>Style</li><li>Width</li></ul></p>
<p>The following are valid values for the Placement attribute:
<ul>
  <li>start</li>
  <li>end</li>
  <li>left</li>
  <li>right</li>
  <li>inside</li>
  <li>outside</li>
  <li>alternate</li>
</ul>
</p>
<p>The following are valid values for the Style attribute:
  <ul>
    <li>none</li>
    <li>hidden</li>
    <li>dotted</li>
    <li>dashed</li>
    <li>solid</li>
    <li>double</li>
    <li>groove</li>
    <li>ridge</li>
    <li>inset</li>
    <li>outset</li>
  </ul>
</p>
<note type="tip">Separate the values you assign to a single attribute with a colon. Separate attributes should be separated by a semi-colon. For example, <codeph>changebar="style:dotted;width:3pt;offset:5pt"</codeph></note>
<p><codeph>.ditaval</codeph>files are used to filter content in your documents, much as you would filter the contents of your email Inbox.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
