<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="ant-parameters-other">
  <title>Ant parameters: Other</title>
  <titlealts>
    <navtitle>Other</navtitle>
  </titlealts>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <draft-comment author="Kristen James Eberlein" time="11 August 2012">I've made no attempt to
        work with the content in the topic. Here's what I'd like to know:<ul>
          <li>Do these parameters apply to all transformation types? If so, I'll move them in to the
            "All transformations" topic.</li>
          <li>How specifically does the JavaHelp transformation use the
              <parmname>args.dita.locale</parmname> parameter?</li>
          <li>When would someone want to use the various <parmname>dita.preprocess</parmname>
            parameters? (Other than if they need to reduce Java memory consumption.) The use cases
            are not clear from the current description.</li>
        </ul></draft-comment>
      <table>
        <title>Ant parameters: Other</title>
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="COLNAME0" colwidth="200*"/>
          <colspec colname="COLNAME3" colwidth="200*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>DITA Ant Property</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row id="args.dita.locale">
              <entry><codeph>args.dita.locale</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="args.dita.locale.desc">Specifies the language locale file to use for
                sorting index entries. The JavaHelp transformation type also uses this
                parameter.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="cleantemp">
              <entry><codeph>clean.temp</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="clean.temp.desc">Specifies whether DITA-OT should delete the files in the
                temporary directory, <codeph>dita.temp.dir</codeph>, when it finishes a build.
                Allowed values are "yes" and "no". Default value is "yes".</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.dir">
              <entry><codeph>dita.dir</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="dita.dir.desc">The location of your DITA-OT installation. Verify that your
                project's build script points to the correct location.</entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.extname" importance="deprecated">
              <entry><codeph>dita.extname</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="dita.extname.desc">Defines the file extension for content files in the
                directory specified with the <codeph>dita.temp.dir</codeph> property. Allowed values
                are ".xml" and ".dita". Default value is ".xml".<note>Deprecated in favor of
                    <codeph>dita.ext</codeph>.</note></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet">
              <entry><codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet</codeph>
              </entry>
              <entry id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.desc" morerows="5">Instructs the toolkit
                to reload the XSL stylesheets used for transformation. Allowed values are "true" and
                "false". Default value is "false".<note type="tip">Set the value to true if you want
                  to use more than one set of stylesheets to process a group of topics. The
                  parameter is also useful for writers of toolkit build scripts who experience Java
                  memory problems during transformation due to large Ant projects. Alternatively,
                  you can adjust the size of your Java memory heap if setting
                    <codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet</codeph> for this
                reason.</note></entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.conref">
              <entry>
                <codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.conref</codeph>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.mapref">
              <entry>
                <codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.mapref</codeph>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.mappull">
              <entry>
                <codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.mappull</codeph>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.maplink">
              <entry>
                <codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.maplink</codeph>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.topicpull">
              <entry>
                <codeph>dita.preprocess.reloadstylesheet.topicpull</codeph>
              </entry>
            </row>
            <row id="dita.temp.dir">
              <entry><codeph>dita.temp.dir</codeph></entry>
              <entry id="dita.temp.dir.desc">Defines the directory where DITA-OT will create a
                temporary directory to place temporary files generated during the transformation
                process.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
