<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="configuration" xml:lang="en">
  <title><filepath>lib/configuration.properties</filepath> file</title>
    <shortdesc>The <filepath>lib/configuration.properties</filepath> file controls certain common
      properties, as well as some properties that control PDF processing.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <table frame="all">
      <title>Properties set in the lib/configuration.properties file</title>
      <tgroup cols="2">
        <colspec colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
        <colspec colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Property</entry>
            <entry>Description</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry><parmname>default.language</parmname></entry>
            <entry>Specifies the default language. The allowed values are those that are defined in
              IETF BCP 47, <xref href="https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47" scope="external">Tags for
                the Identification of Languages</xref>.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><parmname>generate-debug-attributes</parmname></entry>
            <entry>Generates the @xtrf and @xtrc debugging attributes. The following values are
              allowed: <ul>
                <li><option>true</option> (default) — Enables generation of debugging attributes in
                  the temporary files.</li>
                <li><option>false</option> —Disables generation of debugging attributes.</li>
              </ul><note>Disabling debugging attributes reduces the size of temporary files and thus
                reduces memory consumption. However, the log messages no longer have the source
                information available and thus the ability to debug problems might
                deteriorate.</note></entry>
          </row>
          <row id="processing-mode">
            <entry><parmname>processing-mode</parmname></entry>
            <entry>Specifies the error-recovery mode. The following values are allowed: <ul>
                <li><option>strict</option> — enforce strict input validation</li>
                <li><option>skip</option> — lax input validation with no error recovery</li>
                <li><option>lax</option> (default) — lax input validation and error recovery</li>
              </ul></entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><parmname>org.dita.pdf2.index.frame-markup</parmname></entry>
            <entry>FrameMaker index syntax processing. The following values are allowed: <ul>
                <li><option>true</option>— FrameMaker index syntax processing</li>
                <li><option>false</option> (default) — normal DITA 1.2 index syntax processing</li>
              </ul></entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><parmname>org.dita.pdf2.i18n.enabled</parmname></entry>
            <entry>I18N font processing. The following values are allowed: <ul>
                <li><option>true</option> (default) — I18N processing is enabled</li>
                <li><option>false</option> — I18N processing is disabled</li>
              </ul></entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><parmname>org.dita.pdf2.use-out-temp</parmname></entry>
            <entry>Legacy temporary file mode for generating <filepath>topic.fo</filepath> and
              graphics into output directory. The following values are allowed: <ul>
                <li><option>true</option> — Use output directory for XSL-FO processing</li>
                <li><option>false</option> (default) — Use temporary folder for XSL-FO
                  processing</li>
              </ul></entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </refbody>
</reference>
