<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="distribution_packages">
  <title>Distribution packages</title>
  <shortdesc>The DITA Open Toolkit is distributed in three packages: minimal, standard, and
    full-easy-install. The source code is available both as a Git repository and a ZIP file.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>distribution packages</indexterm>
        <indexterm>full-easy-install package, overview</indexterm>
        <indexterm>minimal package, overview</indexterm>
        <indexterm>standard package, overview</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <section>
      <title>Minimal package</title>
      <p>This package is designed for vendors that embed the toolkit within a product. It contains
        all of the core processing code: CSS and XSLT files, Ant build scripts, Java code
          (<filepath>dost.jar</filepath>), resource files, and the OASIS DITA DTDs and Schemas.
        Users need to have their own versions of Ant and other libraries; they also need to set up
        environment variables for each library. The only external files that are included are the
        DTDs and Schemas, along with the following open-source libraries:<ul>
          <li>Apache Catalog Resolver, version <keyword keyref="tool.resolver.version"/></li>
          <li>Apache Commons Codec, version <keyword keyref="tool.codec.version"/></li>
          <li>Apache Xerces, version <keyword keyref="tool.xerces.version"/></li>
        </ul></p>
      <p>The minimal package has the following file names:<ul>
          <li><filepath>DITA-OT<keyword keyref="release.version"
              ></keyword>_minimal_bin.zip</filepath></li>
          <li><filepath>DITA-OT<keyword keyref="release.version"
              ></keyword>_minimal_bin.tar.gz</filepath></li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Standard package</title>
      <p>This package is designed for people who want the core toolkit functionality, but who
        already have locally-installed copies of Ant and other required tools. It contains
        everything in the minimal package, plus documentation, demo code (for example, legacy
        support for the old bookmap), sample Ant scripts, and sample DITA files. The standard
        package includes the following open-source libraries:<draft-comment
          author="Kristen James Eberlein" time="20 July 2012">Regarding the statement above that the
          standard package includes demo code -- Is this still true and is the example still
          correct?</draft-comment></p>
      <ul>
        <li>Apache Catalog Resolver, version <keyword keyref="tool.resolver.version"/></li>
        <li>Apache Commons Codec, version <keyword keyref="tool.codec.version"/></li>
        <li>Apache Xerces, version <keyword keyref="tool.xerces.version"/></li>
      </ul>
      <p>The standard package has the following file names:<ul>
          <li><filepath>DITA-OT<keyword keyref="release.version"
              ></keyword>_standard_bin.zip</filepath></li>
          <li><filepath>DITA-OT<keyword keyref="release.version"
              ></keyword>_standard_bin.tar.gz</filepath></li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Full-easy-install package</title>
      <p>his package is designed for users who want the simplest installation experience. In
        addition to the core DITA-OT code and the external libraries that are in the minimal and
        standard packages, it contains Apache Ant and FOP. The full-easy-install package also
        contains batch files designed to set up a build environment using those tools, as well as a
        scripts for a guided demo of the DITA-OT. The full-easy-install package includes the
        following external libraries:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Apache Ant, version <keyword keyref="tool.ant.version"/></li>
        <li>Apache Catalog Resolver, version <keyword keyref="tool.resolver.version"/></li>
        <li>Apache Commons Codec, version <keyword keyref="tool.codec.version"/></li>
        <li>Apache FOP, version <keyword keyref="tool.fop.version"/></li>
        <li>ICU for Java, version <keyword keyref="tool.icu4j.version"/></li>
        <li>Apache Xerces, version <keyword keyref="tool.xerces.version"/></li>
        <li>Saxon, version <keyword keyref="tool.saxon.version"/></li>
      </ul>
      <p>The full-easy-install package has the following file names:<ul>
          <li><filepath>DITA-OT<keyword keyref="release.version"
              ></keyword>_full_easy_install_bin.zip</filepath></li>
          <li><filepath>DITA-OT<keyword keyref="release.version"
              ></keyword>_full_easy_install_bin.tar.gz</filepath></li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>
