<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="dita-globalization" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Globalization in the DITA-OT</title>
<shortdesc>The DITA standard comes with many features to enable globalized
content, including the xml:lang, translate, and dir attributes. The
DITA-OT uses these attributes to help publish content that is written
or translated into many different languages.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>As a standard, DITA itself can accommodate content written in any
language. The toolkit itself generally passes content through unchanged
into any output format; language support is primarily noticed in a
few key areas.</p>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Generated text</dt>
<dd>Generated text is text that does not appear in the source topics,
but is placed automatically in the output file. For example, the word
"Chapter" in a PDF is an example of generated text, as is the phrase
"Related information" that is placed above a collection of links.
The toolkit checks for the closest specified xml:lang attribute value
and uses that to determine what language should be used for generated
text. If no language is found, the toolkit defaults to US English.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Index sorting</dt>
<dd>Indexes can only be sorted based on a single language. The toolkit
will detect the first language used (generally set on the root element
of a map) and use that for sorting.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Text direction</dt>
<dd>Generally speaking, browsers are able to detect right-to-left
text and try to do the right thing with it. When the toolkit detects
supported right-to-left languages in an XHTML build, such as Hebrew
(xml:lang="he") or Arabic (xml:lang="ar"), it will switch to a different
CSS file. CSS spacing that is based on the left margin in left-to-right
output is switched to the right in the right-to-left output, and spacing
based on the right margin is also switched to the left.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<section><title>What languages are supported in the toolkit?</title><p>Language
support varies by output format. When the toolkit was originally created,
it included support for generated text covering roughly 40 languages,
including several variants (such as both French and French Canadian).
The number of languages has increased over time. The list of translations
for each language was relatively small.</p><p>When the new production-level
PDF transform was donated much later, it supported fewer languages,
primarily because it uses a much larger set of generated text. For
example, PDF output needs a translation of "Chapter" which was not
part of the original toolkit. The number of supported PDF languages
has also increased over time, but is still not as complete as the
support in older transforms.</p></section>
</conbody>
</concept><?Pub Caret -3?>
<?Pub *0000002931?>
