<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="prerequisite-software">
 <title>Prerequisite software</title>
 <shortdesc>The prerequisite software that the DITA-OT requires depends on the type of distribution
    package that you intend to install and the types of transformations that you want to
    use.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
   <section>
      <title>Software required for core DITA-OT processing</title>
      <p>The DITA-OT requires the following software applications:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>JRE or JDK, version <keyword keyref="tool.java.version"/> or later</dt>
            <dd>Provides the basic environment for the DITA-OT. You can download the Oracle JRE or
              JDK from <xref keyref="download.oracle-jdk"/>. If you opt to use the full-easy-install
              package, this is the <i>only</i> prerequisite software that you need to install.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry id="antbuild">
            <dt>Ant, version <keyword keyref="tool.ant.version.min"/> or later</dt>
            <dd>Provides the standard setup and sequencing of processing steps. You can download Ant
              from <xref keyref="download.ant"/>.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>XSLT processor</dt>
            <dd>Provides the main transformation services. It must be compliant with XSLT 1.0. The
              DITA-OT is tested with both Saxon and Xalan-J. You can download Saxon, version
                <keyword keyref="tool.saxon.version"/> from <xref keyref="download.saxon"/> and
              Xalan-J, version <keyword keyref="tool.xalan.version"/> or later from <xref
                keyref="download.xalan"/>.</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl></p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Software required for specific transformations</title>
      <p>Depending on the type of output that you want to generate, you might need the following applications:<dl>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>ICU for Java</dt>
            <dd><draft-comment author="Kristen James Eberlein" time="11 August 2012">Does the
                DITA-OT only use ICU for Java for index processing? Index processing is what is
                explicitly mentioned in the installing topics.</draft-comment>ICU for Java is a
              cross-platform, Unicode-based, globalization library. It includes support for
              comparing locale-sensitive strings; formatting dates, times, numbers, currencies, and
              messages; detecting text boundaries; and converting character sets. You can download
              ICU for Java from <xref keyref="download.icu4j"/>.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>Microsoft Help Workshop</dt>
            <dd>Required for generating HTML help. You can download the Help Workshop from <xref
                keyref="download.html-help-workshop"/>.</dd>
          </dlentry>
          <dlentry>
            <dt>XSL-FO processor</dt>
            <dd>Required for generating PDF output. You can download FOP from <xref
                keyref="download.fop"/>; you also can use Antenna House Formatter or RenderX.</dd>
          </dlentry>
        </dl></p>
      <p>See <xref href="DITA-tested.xml">Tested platforms and tools</xref> for detailed information
        about versions of the prerequisite applications that have been tested with the current
        DITA-OT release.</p>
    </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
