<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="about_DITAOT-build-files" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Writing more complex Ant build files for the DITA-OT</title>
<titlealts>
<navtitle>More advanced Ant builds</navtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>The sample Ant build scripts provided by the DITA-OT may
not be adequate to meet the needs of your project.    This topic describes
how to customize the default scripts and write your own.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section><title>Customizing the Default Ant Script</title><p>The DITA
Open Toolkit contains sample build files for both the DITA-OT and
sample documentation.  Writers new to the toolkit may use the <codeph>sample_all.xml</codeph> Ant
build script to create all the sample documents that come with DITA-OT.
 The       toolkit also contains build scripts for individual ouput
types, such as <codeph>sample_pdf.xml</codeph>. You can modify   
   just one or two Ant properties in these scripts for your own documentation.
    </p>     <p>Here is the Ant project definition from <codeph>samples\ant_sample\template_pdf.xml</codeph>. </p> 
     <codeblock>&lt;project name="@PROJECT.NAME@_pdf" default="@DELIVERABLE.NAME@2pdf" basedir=".">
  
  &lt;property name="dita.dir" location="${basedir}${file.separator}..${file.separator}.."/>
    
  &lt;target name="@DELIVERABLE.NAME@2pdf">
    &lt;ant antfile="${dita.dir}${file.separator}build.xml">
      &lt;property name="args.input" location="@DITA.INPUT@"/>
      &lt;property name="output.dir" location="@OUTPUT.DIR@"/>
      &lt;property name="transtype" value="pdf"/>
    &lt;/ant>
  &lt;/target>

&lt;/project></codeblock><p>You simply change the values of the following
properties to match the values used in your project:     <ul>
<li>Project name: The root element in an Ant build file.</li>
<li>Target name: Must be one of the supported DITA-OT transtypes.</li>
</ul></p><p>Note that these scripts assume that your input files are
located in same directory structure used by the DITA-OT samples. 
   </p>    </section>
<section>       <title>Writing Your Own Ant Script</title><p>The default
build script may not meet the needs of your project for a range of
reasons:</p><ul>
<li>You want to add additional Ant properties not used in the sample
template, such XSL and DTD properties to assist your debugging efforts.</li>
<li>Your content files may not have the same directory structure as
the samples.</li>
<li>You want to place the output files in a different directory.</li>
</ul><p>You need to customize or write your own build file for these
use cases. For example, each target for this guide's build script
uses a separate value for <codeph>dita.temp.dir</codeph> to assist
debugging for a specific output types; setting <codeph>clean.temp</codeph> to
"no" ensures that the temp directories remain available when processing
ends. </p><p>Here is an example Ant script that can be used to produce
this document.</p><codeblock>&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
&lt;project name="userguide" default="dita2pdf" basedir=".">

  &lt;property environment="env"/>
  &lt;property name="DITA_DIR" value="${env.DITA_DIR}"/>
  &lt;property name="args.logdir" value="logs"/>

  &lt;property name="dita.extname" value=".dita"/>
    
  &lt;property name="outdir" location ="output"/>
  &lt;property name="clean.temp" value="no"/>
  
  &lt;property name="args.indexshow" value="no"/>
    
  &lt;target name="dita2pdf">
    &lt;ant antfile="${DITA_DIR}/build.xml">
      &lt;property name="transtype" value="pdf"/>
      &lt;property name="args.input" value="doc/userguide-book.ditamap"/>
      &lt;property name="dita.temp.dir" value="${outdir}/temp_pdf"/>
      &lt;property name="output.dir" value="${outdir}/pdf"/>
      &lt;property name="outer.control" value="quiet"/>
      &lt;property name="clean.temp" value="no"/>
    &lt;/ant>
  &lt;/target>

&lt;/project></codeblock><p>This script is designed to run from the
DITA-OT main directory. The generated PDF file will be placed in the <filepath>DITA-OT/output/pdf/</filepath> directory.
The temporary processing directory will be left behind in <filepath>DITA-OT/output/temp_pdf/</filepath>. </p><p>To
run this script, save it in the root toolkit directory with a name
like <filepath>my_test_pdf.xml</filepath>. Run the build with the
following command (assuming your command shell is already set up):<codeblock>ant -f my_test_pdf.xml</codeblock></p><p><xref
href="../../readme/dita-ot_ant_properties.dita"></xref> contains a
list of Ant properties used by DITA-OT. Use these properties to customize
your document's build script for your needs.</p>            </section>
</conbody>
<related-links>
<!--<link href="about_ant.dita" scope="local"></link>-->
<link href="../../readme/dita-ot_ant_properties.dita" scope="local">
</link>
</related-links>
</concept>
