<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="whentouseDITAOT"> 
  <title>When Should I Use DITA-OT?</title> 
  <shortdesc>Determining when DITA OT makes sense for your team.</shortdesc> 
  <conbody>
  <p>There a several scenarios where using DITA-OT is the appropriate choice for your documentation team, and describing them all
	 is beyond the scope of this guide. However, here are three simple criteria where DITA-OT provides the best solution:
  <ul>
    <li>Your documentation suite contains a lot of content that is reusable for different documents and audiences.</li>
	<li>Your documentation suite contains documentation for developers using the Eclipse IDE.</li>
	<li>Your documentation suite includes both Microsoft HTML Help and PDF-based documents.</li>
  </ul>
  </p>
  <p>DITA-OT is the only publication tool capable of producing both PDF and Eclipse-based documentation from the same source.  Eclipse
     is the industry-standard IDE for many Java developers, and DITA-OT generates the the content and plugin file required for this 
	 environment.  If your developer audience uses Eclipse, you can easily add IDE-specific online help to your documentation suite.</p>
  <p>If your primary audience is end users, rather than software developers and system administrators, you likely need to provide Microsoft
     HTML Help for them, in addition to PDF-based documentation.  DITA-OT is the only tool that produces both from the same source files.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>