<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="aboutditaotugref">
	<title>About this document</title>
	
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2006"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-May-01"/>
			<revised modified="2006-October-17"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>DITA Open Toolkit User Guide and Reference</keyword>
				<keyword>audience</keyword>
				<keyword>administrator audience category</keyword>
				<keyword>manager audience category</keyword>
				<keyword>content specialist audience category</keyword>
				<keyword>technology specialist audience category</keyword>
				<indexterm>DITA Open Toolkit User Guide and Reference
				<indexterm>about</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>audience categories
				<indexterm>content specialist</indexterm>
					<indexterm>technology specialist</indexterm>
					<indexterm>administrator or manager</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.3"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section conref="../core_vocabulary/ditaotugref.dita#ditaotugref/ditaotugref_term"/>
		<section>
			<p>Sections in this topic:
                <sl otherprops="pdf">
					<sli>
						<xref href="#aboutditaotugref/contents">Document contents</xref>
					</sli>
					<sli>
						<xref href="#aboutditaotugref/target_audience">Audience</xref>
					</sli>
					<sli>
						<xref href="#aboutditaotugref/prerequisites">Prerequisites</xref>
					</sli>
					<sli>
						<xref href="#aboutditaotugref/howproduced">How this document was produced</xref>
					</sli>
				</sl>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="contents">
			<title>Document contents</title>
			<p/>
			<simpletable>
				<sthead>
					<stentry>Chapter (major section)</stentry>
					<stentry>Contents</stentry>
				</sthead>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../release_current/release_current.dita">Information about the current release</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>Information about the current release of DITA Open Toolkit: system requirements, supported applications, and known problems.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../release_history/release_history.dita">Release history</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>Summary information about prior releases of DITA Open Toolkit.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../evaluating/evaluating.dita">Evaluating DITA and DITA Open Toolkit</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to determine what it would take to create your DITA and DITA Open Toolkit authoring and production system.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../installing/installing.dita">Installing DITA Open Toolkit</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to install and upgrade DITA Open Toolkit on Windows, Linux, and Mac OS.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../settingup/settingup.dita">Setting up your working environment</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to configure your DITA editor and set up your source file directory.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../processing/processing.dita">Processing (building) and publishing DITA documents</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to process (build) and publish DITA documents.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../troubleshooting/troubleshooting.dita">Troubleshooting the build process</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to troubleshoot the build process.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../topics/topics.dita">Creating DITA topics</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to create DITA topics (base topics, concepts, tasks, and reference topics).</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../maps/maps.dita">Creating DITA topics</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to create DITA maps to define content structure.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../linking/linking.dita">Linking DITA topics</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to link DITA topics using cross-references (xrefs), related links, and relationship tables.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../managing/managing.dita">Managing your content</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to manage your content using backup, source control and content management.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../reusing/reusing.dita">Reuse concepts and techniques</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to reuse content (using conrefs), information design (using specializations), and processing code.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../accessing/accessing.dita">Expanding and customizing access to your information</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to expand access to your information through indexing, the use of metadata, and filtering (conditional processing).</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../customizing/customizing.dita">Customizing your published output</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to customize your published output.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../localizing/localizing.dita">Localizing (translating) your DITA content</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>Information about translating the content in your DITA projects.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../distributing/distributing.dita">Distributing your published content</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to distribute your published content.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../migratingcontent/migratingcontent.dita">Migrating legacy content to DITA</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>How to migrate legacy content to DITA.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../samples/samples.dita">Sample files</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>Information about the DITA sample source files that come with DITA Open Toolkit.</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../faqs/faqs.dita">Frequently asked questions (FAQs)</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>Frequently asked questions about DITA and DITA Open Toolkit (OT).</stentry>
				</strow>
				<strow>
					<stentry>
						<xref href="../core_vocabulary/core_vocabulary.dita">DITA core vocabulary</xref>
					</stentry>
					<stentry>Information about the DITA core vocabulary, a list of the terms in the vocabulary, and links to related terms and other information.</stentry>
				</strow>
			</simpletable>
		</section>
		<section id="target_audience">
			<title>Target audience</title>
		</section>
		<section conref="../core_vocabulary/audience.dita#audience/audience_term">                                      
		</section>
		<section id="prerequisites">
			<title>Prerequisites</title>
			<p>Before you use this document you should be familiar with your operating system environment (Windows, UNIX, or Mac OS) and the authoring tool you will use to create DITA files. We recommend using a DITA-aware editor. You may need to consult the documentation that came with your operating system and authoring tool as you use DITA and DITA Open Toolkit.</p>
			<p>Before you use DITA Open Toolkit, be sure your operating environment meets the system requirements described in <xref href="../release_current/sysreqs.dita" scope="local">System requirements and supported applications</xref>.</p>
		</section>
		<section id="howproduced">
			<title>How and why this document was produced</title>
			<p>This document was produced as a collaborative effort by the two principals of VR Communications, Inc. 
			(<xref href="http://www.vrcommunications.com" format="html" scope="external">www.vrcommunications.com</xref>), Anna van Raaphorst and Richard H. (Dick) Johnson. We did the project for the following reasons:
			<ul>
					<li>We have significant interest and prior involvement with structured writing, content management, scripting, and programming.</li>
					<li>It gave us a way to gain knowledge and experience in DITA and DITA Open Toolkit quickly.</li>
					<li>We wanted to help the DITA community by documenting and promoting DITA and the Toolkit.</li>
					<li>It was an opportunity for us to use our individual skill sets in a collaborative effort.</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
			<p>For more information about how we wrote the document, suggestions, guidelines, tips, and techniques, see the individual "production notes" sections that are part of each chapter. For example, for our suggestions about troubleshooting the build process, see <xref href="../troubleshooting/troubleshooting_production_notes.dita">Production notes (troubleshooting)</xref>.</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
