<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="processing_eclipse_overview">
	<title>Processing to Eclipse targets (overview)</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Richard Johnson</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2007-03-30"/>
			<revised modified="2007-12-02"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>Eclipse</keyword>
				<indexterm>processing (overview)</indexterm>
				<indexterm>Eclipse targets, processing (overview)</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section conref="../core_vocabulary/eclipse_help.dita#eclipse_help/eclipse_help_term"/>
		<section>
		<p>In contrast to Eclipse help output, which produces XHTML files to be directly displayed by a browser, Eclipse content output produces <filepath>.dita</filepath> files that are rendered into <filepath>.html</filepath> files on-the-fly by the Eclipse help processor.</p>
			<p>Eclipse help output is a set of files in an output directory that can be installed in an Eclipse distribution as a plug-in. One of the files generated by the Toolkit output processing in the output directory is <filepath>plugin.xml</filepath>. This file is used by Eclipse to install the rest of the files in the output directory as an Eclipse help plug-in. The figure below shows a sample <filepath>plugin.xml</filepath> file generated by the Toolkit.</p>
			<codeblock>
&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?&gt;
&lt;plugin name="DITA Open Toolkit User Guide" id="ditaug_top" version="1.0" provider-name="DITA"&gt;
&lt;extension point="org.eclipse.help.toc"&gt;&lt;toc file="DITAOTUG.xml" primary="true"/&gt;
&lt;/extension&gt;&lt;extension point="org.eclipse.help.index"&gt;
&lt;index file="index.xml"/&gt;
&lt;/extension&gt;
&lt;/plugin&gt;
		</codeblock>
			<p>The name attribute contains the title Eclipse will display for the set of help files.</p>
			<p>The id and version attributes of the plug-in element in this file are combined together to specify the directory where Eclipse expects to find the rest of the plug-in files. In this case that directory would be <filepath>ditaug_top_1.0</filepath>. The name attribute is generated from the title attribute of the DITA map file. The id attribute is generated from the id attribute of the DITA map file. For the above <filepath>plugin.xml</filepath> file, the DITA map file contained:</p>
			<codeblock>
&lt;bookmap title="DITA Open Toolkit User Guide" id="ditaug_top"&gt;
		</codeblock>
			<note>A bookmap is a specialization of map.</note>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
