<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.-->
 <!--
  | (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2005 - 2006. All Rights Reserved.
  *-->   
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="extensiblemetadataattributes" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Extensible metadata attributes</title>
<conbody>
<p> OASIS DITA 1.1 provides the DITA architects with an enhanced feature,
extensible metadata attributes. If the architects want to achieve multiple
purposes in one attribute, especially in a selective attribute, they can use
the extensible metadata attributes.</p>
<note rev="r5"><ul>
<li>Because OASIS DITA 1.1 is not yet an approved standard as
of the release of DITA OT 1.3, the functionality described here should be
considered a <i>preview</i> capability. </li>
<li>The specification and the defined functions that need to be supported
can change by the time OASIS formally approves DITA 1.1.</li>
</ul></note>
<example><title>Example</title><p>The following example illustrates how people
of different roles use the extensible metadata attributes in DITA 1.1.</p><ul>
<li>As a DITA architect of a team, you can perform the following actions:<p><ol>
<li>Define new attributes that the team needs, for example, "proglanguage". </li>
<li>Express each new attribute as a separate domain package, for example,
proglanguage.mod, with the new attribute specialized from the "props" attribute.</li>
<li>Integrate the domain packages into the authoring DTDs or schemas:  <ol>
<li> Redefine the "props" attribute entity to include the "proglanguage" attribute.
Similarly, you can redefine element entities to integrate new domain elements.</li>
<li rev="r4">Add the new attribute domain to the list of domains in the domains
attribute, preceded by an "a", for example, <codeph>domains="a(props proglanguage)"</codeph>.</li>
</ol></li>
</ol></p></li>
<li>As an author, you can perform the following actions: <ol>
<li>Add values to the new attributes of an element.</li>
<li>Define values in the DITA filter file.</li>
<li>Transform the DITA source files to remove or flag the content based on
the new attributes, for example, flagging all <codeph>proglanguage="Java"</codeph></li>
</ol><p>After you perform these actions, another user can reuse the content. </p><p>A
specialization-unaware trademarking tool requires generalization of the contributed
content. If the user runs all the content through the tool, the content is
processed and filtered against the new attributes after the generalization.
The new attributes are now collapsed into the "props" attribute.  <ol>
<li>The generalization turned <codeph>proglanguage="Java"</codeph> into <codeph>props="proglanguage(Java)"</codeph>.</li>
<li>The conditional processing transform recognizes the new form as equivalent
to the old, and the instruction "<codeph>flag all proglanguage=java</codeph>"
operates on either <codeph>props="proglanguage(Java)"</codeph> or <codeph>proglanguage="Java"</codeph>.</li>
</ol></p></li>
</ul></example>
</conbody>
</concept>