<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.-->
 <!--
  | (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2005 - 2006. All Rights Reserved.
  *-->   
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="installingditaot1.3" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Installing DITA OT 1.3</title>
<shortdesc>The software that the previous releases of DITA OT depend on are
redistributed. The installation package of DITA OT 1.3 includes the software,
so the configuration process is streamlined.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Before installing DITA Open Toolkit 1.3, you need to complete the
following steps:<ul>
<li>Download and configure JDK properly.</li>
<li>(Optional) Download and configure HTMLHelp Compiler properly for HTMLHelp
transformation. </li>
<li>(Optional) Download and configure JavaHelp Compiler properly for JavaHelp
transformation.</li>
</ul></prereq>
<context>Then, you need to complete the following steps:</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Download the full DITA OT 1.3 package. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Run the batch file "<codeph>startcmd.bat</codeph>" for Windows
or "<codeph>startcmd.sh</codeph>" for Linux to set up the necessary environment
variables.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd rev="r3">Run the transformation in the command-line window by using
Java command line or ANT as you did in the previous releases of DITA OT.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq rev="r3">You can still use the small package to install DITA OT 1.3:<ul>
<li>Download the small package.</li>
<li rev="r4">Configure the system environment as you did in previous releases
of DITA OT, but add two more paths %DITA_HOME%\lib;%DITA_HOME%\lib\resolver.jar;
to the CLASSPATH parameter.</li>
<li> Run the package by using Java command line or Ant. </li>
</ul></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>