<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
    Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
    applicable licenses.-->
    <!--
        | (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2005 - 2006. All Rights Reserved.
        *-->   
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="newelementabstract" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>New element &lt;abstract&gt;</title>
<conbody>
<p>You can now use a new element &lt;abstract&gt; in DITA topics. The &lt;abstract&gt;
element can include complex markups besides the &lt;shortdesc&gt; element. You
can put the &lt;shortdesc&gt; element inside the &lt;abstract&gt; element, together
with many other elements. The following examples illustrate how you can use
the &lt;abstract&gt; element.. </p>
<p>If you use several &lt;shortdesc&gt; elements inside the &lt;abstract&gt; element,
they will be concatenated when pulled for hover help.  After you format the
source files, the content inside the &lt;abstract&gt; element will be transformed
into normal text. <note rev="r5"><ul>
<li>Because OASIS DITA 1.1 is not yet an approved standard as of the release
of DITA OT 1.3, the functionality described here should be considered a <i>preview</i> capability. </li>
<li>The specification and the defined functions that need to be supported
can change by the time OASIS formally approves DITA 1.1.</li>
</ul></note></p>
<example><title>Examples</title><p><lines><ph><b>Example 1</b></ph></lines>In
DITA 1.0, you can only use the &lt;shortdesc&gt; element that cannot contain
the &lt;p&gt; element. <codeblock> &lt;shortdesc&gt;This is a short description in DITA 1.0. It &lt;b&gt;cannot&lt;/b&gt; contain paragraphs.&lt;/shortdesc&gt;</codeblock
></p><p><lines><ph><b>Example 2</b></ph></lines>This example illustrates how
you can use different elements besides &lt;shortdesc&gt; inside the &lt;abstract&gt;
element, and apply different styles to the text inside the &lt;abstract&gt; element.<codeblock
rev="r2">    &lt;abstract&gt;
        &lt;shortdesc&gt;This is the short description&lt;/shortdesc&gt;
        &lt;ol&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;This is a &lt;i&gt;list&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ol&gt;
        &lt;p&gt;This is a &lt;b&gt;paragraph&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;codeblock&gt;Here are some codes.&lt;/codeblock&gt;
        &lt;filepath&gt;This is the file path.&lt;/filepath&gt;
    &lt;/abstract&gt;</codeblock></p><p><lines><ph><b>Example 3</b></ph></lines>This
example illustrates how you can use both the &lt;shortdesc&gt; element and plain
text inside the &lt;abstract&gt; element.<codeblock> &lt;abstract&gt;&lt;shortdesc&gt;This topic is about short description.&lt;/shortdesc&gt;. 
Short description is very important, so read more.&lt;/abstract&gt;</codeblock></p></example>
</conbody>
</concept>