<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
  Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
  applicable licenses.-->
  <!--
    | (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2005 - 2006. All Rights Reserved.
    *-->   
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="indexing" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Indexing</title>
<conbody>
<p>DITA 1.1 supports the following new indexing elements:<ul>
<li>&lt;index-see&gt;</li>
<li>&lt;index-see-also&gt;</li>
<li>&lt;index-sort-as&gt;</li>
<li>&lt;index-range-start&gt;</li>
<li>&lt;index-range-end&gt;</li>
</ul><note rev="r5"><ul>
<li>Because OASIS DITA 1.1 is not yet an approved standard as of the release
of DITA OT 1.3, the functionality described here should be considered a <i>preview</i> capability. </li>
<li>The specification and the defined functions that need to be supported
can change by the time OASIS formally approves DITA 1.1.</li>
</ul></note></p>
<section><title>See and See Also indexing elements</title><p>In DITA 1.0,
you cannot specify the &lt;see&gt; and &lt;see also&gt; index entries by using the
current &lt;indexterm&gt; element. The DITA1.1 standard introduces the following
new child elements for &lt;indexterm&gt; that support this functionality:</p><ul>
<li>index-see</li>
<li>index-see-also</li>
</ul><p>For example, you can add an index entry, as illustrated in the following
text in the DITA source file: <codeblock>&lt;indexterm&gt;computer
   &lt;index-see&gt;monitor&lt;/index-see&gt;
   &lt;index-see-also&gt;Illustration&lt;/index-see-also&gt; 
&lt;/indexterm&gt;
</codeblock>Then, if you generate a PDF output with the indexing function
enabled, you can see the following index entries in the PDF output:<screen>
computer 43
        See monitor
        See also Illustration</screen>The "monitor" and "Illustration" entries
after "see" and "see also" will not be links to the "monitor" and "Illustration"
index entries in a PDF output.</p><required-cleanup><!--Deleted per Marshall--><p>If you generate HTML output using the same source file, you can get the following index entries; however, instead of displaying page numbers, the HTML file display the terms after "see" and "see also" as hyperlinks. The "Illustration" hyperlink points to the index entry for "Illustration" under "I".<screen
><u>Computer</u>
            See <u>monitor</u>
            See also <u>Illustration</u>
</screen></p></required-cleanup><p rev="r2">Index entries will only be processed
when you generate HTMLHelp and JavaHelp. For HTMLHelp and JavaHelp, the index
contains an entry that uses the text "See xxx" or "See also xxx". The "See
xxx" or "See also xxx" index entries<ph rev="r3"> will link to their parent
index term.</ph> <note rev="r3"><ul>
<li>For HTML output, indexing is ignored. </li>
<li>For PDF output, you must enable indexing using the FO plugin provided
by Idiom. </li>
</ul></note></p><p>For example, if you put the following content in the source
file, <codeblock>&lt;indexterm&gt;computer
   &lt;index-see&gt;monitor&lt;/index-see&gt;
&lt;/indexterm&gt;</codeblock> the output is as follows: <screen>
computer
  See monitor</screen></p></section>
<section><title>Sort order indexing elements</title><p>With the DITA 1.1 standard,
you can specify a sort phrase and sort index entries under the sort phrase.
This feature provides you with the flexibility to sort an index entry in a
different way. Typically you can disregard insignificant leading text, such
as punctuation or words like "the" or "a". If you want to sort &lt;data&gt; under
the letter D rather than the character "&lt;", you can include such an entry
under both the punctuation heading and the letter D. Thus, there can be two
index entry directives differentiated only by the sort order. </p><p>For example,
if you put the following content in the source file,<codeblock rev="r3">  &lt;indexterm&gt;data&lt;index-sort-as&gt;key&lt;/index-sort-as&gt;&lt;/indexterm&gt;
  &lt;indexterm&gt;indextest&lt;index-sort-as&gt;abc&lt;/index-sort-as&gt;&lt;/indexterm&gt;
</codeblock> the output should be:<msgblock>
indextest
data</msgblock></p><p rev="r3">If you have written an XML book with many punctuation-laden
entries in its index, you can use the &lt;index-sort-as&gt; element to specify
how the sorting method of the entries if the punctuation marks are eliminated.
For example, <codeph>&lt;data&gt;</codeph> is always displayed as an entry &lt;data&gt;
in the index term under the letter D; otherwise, all the entries with punctuations
will be sorted under "&lt;". </p><p>Here is another example. In a translation
project, a document needs to be translated into Japanese. Many of the index
entries contain kanji, which need to be sorted in phonetic order. The translators,
who can understand the language and see the entry in its context, can insert
the <codeph>&lt;index-sort-as&gt;</codeph> elements into the <codeph>&lt;indexterm&gt;</codeph> elements
as part of their localization work. </p></section>
<section><title>Page-range indexing elements</title><p>In DITA OT 1.3, you
can indicate page ranges instead of individual references over consecutive
pages. Page ranges indicate where the index entry links to an extended discussion
that goes over a number of pages. This is typically manifested as a page range
like 34-36. This is distinguished from individual references over consecutive
pages (34, 35, 36). The page-range indexing function is enabled when you use
the FO plugin.</p><p>For example, you can add a page spanning index entry: <codeblock>&lt;indexterm&gt;DITA&lt;index-range-start/&gt;&lt;/indexterm&gt;</codeblock
>. Later in the same topic, you can add a range terminating marker: &lt;indexterm&gt;DITA&lt;index-range-end/&gt;&lt;/indexterm&gt;.
This spans 4 pages on the paper, as illustrated in the following example.<screen>DITA, 46-49</screen><note>If
you generate HTMLHelp, JavaHelp, and XHTML outputs, the page-range indexing
elements are ignored. </note> </p></section>
<section><title>Supporting ICU in index sorting</title><p>With enabled ICU
interface, DITA Open Toolkit 1.3 helps you get correctly sorted index output
for different languages. </p><p>During normal transformation, the toolkit
tries to find if there are ICU classes inside the <codeph>classpath</codeph> element.
If ICU exists, the toolkit uses ICU's Collator class to do the comparing and
sorting work. If no ICU is found, the toolkit will use JDK's Collator class
to do the comparing and sorting work. <ph rev="r2">ICU is packed in the big
package in DITA OT 1.3</ph></p></section>
</conbody>
</concept>