<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<task id="linux_settingenvvariables" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>Setting environment variables on Linux</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Jen Linton</author>
		<author type="creator">JoAnn Hackos</author>
		<author type="creator">Kylene Bruski</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2005"/>
			<copyrholder>Comtech Services, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2005-11-01"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-09"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>installing DITA Open Toolkit</keyword>
				<keyword>environment variable</keyword>
				<indexterm>setting environment variables<indexterm>on Linux</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>environment variables
					<indexterm>setting on Linux</indexterm>
					<indexterm>PATH</indexterm>
					<indexterm>ANT_HOME</indexterm>
					<indexterm>ANT_OPTS</indexterm>
					<indexterm>JAVA_HOME</indexterm>
					<indexterm>JHHOME</indexterm>
					<indexterm>CLASSPATH</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>PATH environment variable</indexterm>
				<indexterm>ANT_HOME environment variable</indexterm>
				<indexterm>ANT_OPTS environment variable</indexterm>
				<indexterm>JAVA_HOME environment variable</indexterm>
				<indexterm>JHHOME environment variable</indexterm>
				<indexterm>CLASSPATH environment variable</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Type in the Linux Console.</cmd>
			</step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Set the <varname>PATH</varname> environment variable to include the directory where you
          installed the Ant bin directory.
        </cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>export PATH=${ANT_HOME}/bin:${JAVA_HOME}/bin:${PATH}</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Set the <varname>ANT_HOME</varname> environment variable to the directory where you
          installed Ant.
        </cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>export ANT_HOME=${ant_dir}</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Set the <varname>ANT_OPTS</varname> environment variable to the directory where you
          installed Ant
        </cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>export ANT_OPTS="-Xmx256M"</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Set the <varname>JAVA_HOME</varname> environment variable to the directory where you
          installed the J2SE JDK application
        </cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>export JAVA_HOME=${java_dir}</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Set the <varname>JHHOME</varname> environment variable to the directory where you
          installed the JavaHelp application
        </cmd>
        <stepxmp><codeblock>export JHHOME=${javahelp_dir}</codeblock></stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Set the <varname>CLASSPATH </varname>environment variable for DITA-OT.</cmd>
        <info>Set up your environment variable <varname>CLASSPATH</varname> to include the
            <filepath>lib</filepath> directory, <filepath>dost.jar</filepath>, and
            <filepath>resolver.jar</filepath>.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>export CLASSPATH=$DITA_HOME/lib:$DITA_HOME/lib/dost.jar:$DITA_HOME/lib/resolver.jar </codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Set the <varname>CLASSPATH </varname>environment variable for the Apache FOP
        application.</cmd>
        <info>Set up your environment variable CLASSPATH to include the
          <filepath>fop.jar</filepath>, <filepath>batik.jar</filepath> and
            <filepath>avalon.jar</filepath> files in the FOP directory.</info>
        <stepxmp><codeblock>export CLASSPATH=${fop_dir}/build/fop.jar:${fop_dir}/lib/batik.jar:${fop_dir}/lib/avalon-framework-cvs-20020806.jar:$CLASSPATH</codeblock></stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Set XSLT processor environment variables.</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice> <p>Set environment variables for Saxon:</p><ol>
                <li>Set up CLASSPATH to include the saxon.jar file. For example:
                  <codeblock expanse="page">export CLASSPATH=${CLASSPATH}:${saxon_dir}/saxon9.jar:${saxon_dir}/saxon9-dom.jar </codeblock></li>
                <li>Set up ANT_OPTS. For example:
                  <codeblock>export "ANT_OPTS=$ANT_OPTS -Djavax.xml.transform.TransformerFactory=com.icl.saxon.TransformerFactoryImpl"</codeblock></li>
          </ol></choice>
          <choice><p>Set environment variables for Xalan: Set up CLASSPATH to include the
                <filepath>xalan.jar</filepath> file and the <filepath>xercesImpl.jar</filepath>
              file. For
              example:
          </p><codeblock expanse="page">export CLASSPATH=$CLASSPATH:${xalan_dir}/bin </codeblock></choice>
        </choices>       
      </step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
