<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
     Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file in the
     main toolkit package for applicable licenses.-->
<!-- (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2005, 2009 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE tutorialIntro PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Tutorial Introduction//EN"
 "tutorialIntro.dtd">
<tutorialIntro id="meal-intro" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Introduction</title>
<abstract><shortdesc>One of the most impressive (yet deceptively simple)
meals to prepare is the peanut butter and jelly sandwich (PB&amp;J).</shortdesc>Preparing
this meal, however, can be a daunting undertaking.
With proper planning, preparation, equipment, and a steady hand, you
can amaze (and feed) your children, friends, and family. </abstract>
<tutorialIntroBody>
<longDesc> Serving a PB&amp;J is so much more than simply smearing
some peanut butter and jelly on two slices of bread. The critical
selection of appetizers, desserts, and the appropriate beverage, paired
with proper preparation and presentation techniques can make or break
your feast.<p>Before you get started, read the following sections
to make sure you fully understand the scope, goals, and requirements
for this tutorial.</p></longDesc>
<learningObjectives><title>Learning objectives</title>By completing
this tutorial you will learn the following skills:<ul>
<li>How to plan the menu for your PB&amp;J meal</li>
<li>How to gather appropriate supplies and ingredients</li>
<li>How to prepare the food for your PB&amp;J meal</li>
<li>How to properly serve the PB&amp;J meal</li>
</ul></learningObjectives>
<timeRequired><title>Time required</title>This tutorial should take
approximately <b>30 minutes</b> to finish. If you explore other concepts
related to this tutorial, it could take longer to complete.</timeRequired>
<skillLevel><title>Skill level</title>Intermediate</skillLevel>
<audienceDesc><title>Audience</title>Food connoisseurs and chefs</audienceDesc>
<systemRequirements><title>Required materials</title>To complete this
tutorial, your kitchen must have the following minimum requirements:<ul>
<li>Table or other appropriate eating surface</li>
<li>Oven</li>
<li>Serving and preparation utensils: plates, butter knives, glasses,
cookie sheet, bowl</li>
</ul> </systemRequirements>
<prerequisites><title>Prerequisites</title>None.</prerequisites>
</tutorialIntroBody>
</tutorialIntro>
