<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
     Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file in the
     main toolkit package for applicable licenses.-->
<!-- (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2005, 2009 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE tutorialLesson PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Tutorial Lesson//EN"
 "tutorialLesson.dtd">
<tutorialLesson id="meal-lesson-supplies" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Lesson 1.2: Gathering supplies and ingredients</title>
<abstract><shortdesc>In this lesson, you will learn how
to gather the required supplies and ingredients for your PB&amp;J
meal.</shortdesc></abstract>
<taskbody>
<context>Without proper tools and ingredients, your PB&amp;J sandwich
might fall flat.</context>
</taskbody>
<task id="supplies-a">
<title>Making a list of supplies and ingredients</title>
<taskbody>
<context>Before you begin gathering supplies, make a list to make
sure you don't miss something.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Find a piece of lined paper.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>With a pen, write down the following supplies:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>Butter knife (for spreading peanut butter and jelly)</choice>
<choice>Plates (for sandwich, one per patron)</choice>
<choice>Glasses (for milk, one per patron)</choice>
<choice>Bowl (for salsa)</choice>
<choice>Napkins</choice>
<choice>Cookie sheet</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>On a separate sheet of paper, write down the following
ingredients:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>Peanut butter</choice>
<choice>Jelly</choice>
<choice>Chips</choice>
<choice>Salsa</choice>
<choice>Easy-bake cookies</choice>
<choice>Milk</choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<task id="supplies-b">
<title>Gathering items on your list</title>
<taskbody>
<context>Now that your lists are complete, the process of gathering
the items is as easy as pie. With list in hand, complete the following
steps for each item:</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Locate item in kitchen or cupboard.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Place item on counter top.</cmd><info><note type="tip">Place
related items near each other. For example, place the no-bake cookies
near the cookie sheet.</note></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<tutorialSummary id="supplies-summary">
<title>Lesson checkpoint</title>
<shortdesc>In this lesson, you learned the following skills:</shortdesc>
<tutorialSummaryBody>
<lessonsLearned><ul>
<li>How to use a list to simplify the gathering of ingredients and
supplies</li>
<li>How to collect and arrange the supplies and ingredients</li>
</ul></lessonsLearned>
</tutorialSummaryBody>
</tutorialSummary>
</tutorialLesson>
