<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
     Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file in the
     main toolkit package for applicable licenses.-->
<!-- (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2005, 2009 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE tutorialLesson PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Tutorial Lesson//EN"
 "tutorialLesson.dtd">
<tutorialLesson id="meal-lesson-preparing" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Lesson 2.1: Preparing the food</title>
<abstract><shortdesc>In this lesson, you will prepare
each of the courses for your PB&amp;J meal.</shortdesc></abstract>
<taskbody>
<prereq>The preparation phase comes only after the menu is solidified
and the ingredients and supplies are completely gathered and arranged.</prereq>
</taskbody>
<task id="prep1">
<title>Preparing the chips and salsa</title>
<taskbody>
<context>Complete the following steps to prepare the chips and salsa:</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Open the bag of chips.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Remove the lid from the salsa.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Pour the salsa into a bowl.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<task id="prep2">
<title>Preparing the PB&amp;J sandwiches</title>
<taskbody>
<context>For each patron, make one sandwich by completing the following
steps:</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Take out two slices of bread and lay them flat next to
each other.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>With a spreading knife, spread peanut butter on one slice
of bread.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Spread jelly on the other slice of bread.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Put the two slices of bread together so that the sides
with the peanut butter and jelly are touching each other.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<task id="prep3">
<title>Preparing the easy-bake cookies</title>
<taskbody>
<context>To prepare the cookies:</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Refer to the instructions on the roll of frozen cookie
dough.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Follow the instructions closely.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<task id="prep4">
<title>Preparing the milk</title>
<taskbody>
<context>For each patron, complete the following steps to prepare
the milk to be served:</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Steady the glass with one hand.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Pour the milk into the glass with the other hand.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<tutorialSummary id="prep-summary">
<title>Lesson checkpoint</title>
<shortdesc>In this lesson, you learned the proper steps for preparing
the courses for a PB&amp;J meal.</shortdesc>
<tutorialSummaryBody>
<assessment>To review, ask yourself the following questions:<ul>
<li>What are the steps for preparing a PB&amp;J sandwich?</li>
<li>How many hands should I use when pouring milk?</li>
</ul></assessment>
</tutorialSummaryBody>
</tutorialSummary>
</tutorialLesson>
