<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "..\dtd\topic.dtd">
<topic id="consamp" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Sample: Concept topic</title>
<shortdesc>This sample shows a simple concept. It can be found in samples\source\typedmaps\concepts\maps.dita</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>concepts<indexterm>sample</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<body>
<codeblock>&lt;concept id="maps" xml:lang="en-us">
   &lt;title>Maps&lt;/title>
   &lt;shortdesc>Maps let you organize topics that you want to build into an output
Web or PDF. You can also generate navigation files based on the map structure,
and generate links that get added to the topics.&lt;/shortdesc>
   &lt;conbody>
      &lt;p>A map file references one or more DITA topic files using &amp;lt;topicref&amp;gt; elements.
The &amp;lt;topicref&amp;gt; elements can be nested to reflect the desired hierarchical relationships
of the topics. Map files need to have a file extension of .ditamap to be processed
properly.&lt;/p>
      &lt;p>Maps should only be used to process topics in the same directory as the
map, or in subdirectories of the map's directory. While you can still reference
topics outside of that scope, you should use the scope attribute (set to peer
or external) to let processes know that the targets are out of reach, and
should not be processed or copied to the output directory.  &lt;/p>
      &lt;p>The relationships defined in a map can be used to create a Table of Contents
(TOC), aggregate topics into a PDF document, or create links between topics
in output. Maps provide a way to express these relationships in a single common
format that can be used for different outputs. You can identify differences
(for example, a topic could be included in the online Table of Contents but
not in the aggregated PDF) using a common set of attributes.&lt;/p>
      &lt;section>
         &lt;title>Linking based on maps&lt;/title>
         &lt;p>The following are some examples
of the relationships that can be described in a map: &lt;ul>
               &lt;li>Hierarchical (Parent/Child). Nested topics create a hierarchical relationship.
The topic that does the nesting is the parent. The topics that are nested
are the children.&lt;/li>
               &lt;li>Sequence. Child topics can be labeled as having a sequence relationship
meaning that they are referenced in a definite sequence.&lt;/li>
               &lt;li>Family. Child topics can be labeled as having a family relationship meaning
that they all refer to each other. &lt;/li>
               &lt;li>Friend. Topics can be organized in non-hierarchical ways using relationship
tables. &lt;/li>
            &lt;/ul> 
         &lt;/p>
      &lt;/section>
      &lt;example>
         &lt;title>Example: A simple map&lt;/title>
         &lt;codeblock>&amp;lt;map title="Simple map"&amp;gt;
  &amp;lt;topicref href="simple.dita"&amp;gt;
    &amp;lt;topicref href="child1.dita"/&amp;gt;
    &amp;lt;topicref href="child2.dita"&amp;gt;
      &amp;lt;topicref href="child2a.dita"/&amp;gt;
      &amp;lt;topicref href="child2b.dita"/&amp;gt;
    &amp;lt;/topicref&amp;gt;
    &amp;lt;topicref href="child3.dita"/&amp;gt;
  &amp;lt;/topicref&amp;gt;
&amp;lt;/map&amp;gt;&lt;/codeblock>
      &lt;/example>&lt;?Pub Caret?>
   &lt;/conbody>
   &lt;related-links>
      &lt;link href="../tasks/create.dita"/>
      &lt;link href="../ref/map.dita"/>
   &lt;/related-links>
</codeblock>
</body>
</topic>
