<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Composite//EN"
 "..\dtd\ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
<task id="tutconmap" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Tutorial: Creating a concept hierarchy</title>
<shortdesc>Learn how to create a simple concept hierarchy.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>concept hierarchies<indexterm>tutorial</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>This tutorial builds on the task hierarchy created in <xref href="tuttaskmap.dita"></xref>.
You should complete that tutorial before starting this one.</prereq>
<result>At the end of this tutorial, you will know:<ul>
<li>How to identify concepts based on a scenario and task list</li>
<li>How to organize concepts into a hierarchy</li>
</ul></result>
</taskbody>
<concept id="conhier" conref="../concepts/conhier.dita#conhier">
<title>Concept hierarchies</title>
<conbody></conbody>
</concept>
<task id="identcons">
<title>Identifying concepts</title>
<shortdesc>Starting from your task hierarchy, identify the concepts you need
to provide background information for the tasks.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>For this tutorial, use the previous task hierarchy, and the scenario
it supports, to derive concepts.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>List the nouns, or implied nouns, that appear in the task hierarchy.</cmd>
<info><ul>
<li>maps</li>
<li>topic references</li>
<li>simple references</li>
<li>external references</li>
<li>peer references</li>
<li>non-DITA references</li>
<li>titles and descriptions</li>
<li>collection types</li>
<li>sequences</li>
<li>families</li>
<li>output</li>
<li>HTMLHelp</li>
<li>Eclipse plugins</li>
<li>PDF</li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>Review the original scenario to see if there are any other ones
worth adding.</cmd><info>In this case, while topic references are covered
in the task hierarchy, nested topic references aren't. It's worth adding nested
topic references back in, since they allow us to cover information such as
inherited attributes and parent/child relationships separately from the core
concept of topic references.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Eliminate the ones that will already be familiar to your audience,
or that require little explanation and can be covered in a glossary.</cmd>
<info>The different kinds of output are probably best covered in a glossary,
with reference to other sources for more complete documentation in each case,
like the Adobe Web site for PDF.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Combine and refactor to suit taste.</cmd><info>The various kinds
of topic reference here are implemented using different <i>scope</i> and <i>format</i> attribute
values. It makes sense to create concepts for scope and format, rather than
for each combination of the attributes on a &lt;topicref> element.</info>
</step>
</steps>
<result>You should now have a list that looks like this:<ul>
<li>maps</li>
<li>topic references</li>
<li>scope</li>
<li>format</li>
<li>titles and descriptions</li>
<li>nested references</li>
<li>collection types</li>
<li>sequences</li>
<li>families</li>
<li>map output</li>
</ul></result>
</taskbody>
</task>
<task id="startmap">
<title>Starting the concept map</title>
<shortdesc>You can use a map to organize the concepts into a hierarchy.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Create a map named tut-maps\concepts.ditamap .</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>On the map element, set the following attributes:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Set <i>title</i> to <userinput>Concept map</userinput></cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Set <i>audience</i> to <userinput>infoarch</userinput>, as you
did for the task map in the previous tutorial.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<task id="addcons">
<title>Creating the concept hierarchy</title>
<shortdesc>Now that you've created the map file, you can use it to organize
your concepts.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>Organize them into higher-level and lower-level concepts. This should
represent a conceptual hierarchy that the user can review in itself, to make
sense of the product's model of the problem domain. Typically you won't want
to nest too deeply, since the hierarchy will often be presented in a fairly
narrow navigation pane. Also don't create parents with only one child. When
necessary, create peer entries with a common qualifying noun, instead of nesting.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Add the concepts in a nested hierarchy.</cmd><stepxmp><codeblock>&lt;topicref navtitle="Maps">
  &lt;topicref navtitle="Topic references">
    &lt;topicref navtitle="Titles and descriptions"/>
    &lt;topicref navtitle="Scope"/>  
    &lt;topicref navtitle="Format"/>
    &lt;topicref navtitle="Nested references"/>
  &lt;/topicref>
  &lt;topicref navtitle="Collection types">
    &lt;topicref navtitle="Sequences"/>
    &lt;topicref navtitle="Families"/>
  &lt;/topicref>
  &lt;topicref navtitle="Map output"/>
&lt;/topicref></codeblock></stepxmp></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<task id="addcontent">
<title>Adding content</title>
<shortdesc>Now that you've mapped the hierarchy, you can add references to
the content it describes.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>By defining the concept hierarchy, you've defined what concepts need
to be created. For this tutorial, we'll use pre-existing content. When you
create your own concept hierarchies, you'll likely use a mix of pre-existing
and new content.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Within the tutmaps directory, create a concepts subdirectory.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Copy the concepts from sample/typedmaps/source/concepts into the
tutmaps/concepts/ directory.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Add <i>href</i> attributes to your map that point to the content.</cmd>
<stepxmp>For example, &lt;topicref navtitle="Topic references"/> becomes &lt;topicref
href="concepts/topicrefs.dita" navtitle="Topic references"/>.</stepxmp><info>Alternatively,
you can copy the concept map sample - sample/typedmaps/source/concepts.ditamap
- which already includes the <i>href</i> attributes.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Open a few of the concept files, and confirm that they do not contain
related links.</cmd><tutorialinfo>There is another tutorial for creating concept
content. For this tutorial, we're only interested in how the map manages the
related links.</tutorialinfo></step>
</steps>
<result>Your map should now look something like this:<codeblock>&lt;map title="Concept maps">
  &lt;topicref navtitle="Maps" href="concepts/maps.dita">
    &lt;topicref navtitle="Topic references" href="concepts/topicrefs.dita">
      &lt;topicref navtitle="Titles and descriptions" href="concepts/titledesc.dita"/>
      &lt;topicref navtitle="Scope" href="concepts/scope.dita"/>
      &lt;topicref navtitle="Format" href="concepts/format.dita"/>
      &lt;topicref navtitle="Nested references" href="concepts/nesting.dita"/>>
    &lt;/topicref>
    &lt;topicref navtitle="Collection types" href="concepts/colltype.dita">
      &lt;topicref navtitle="Sequences" href="concepts/sequences.dita"/>
      &lt;topicref navtitle="Families" href="concepts/families.dita"/>
    &lt;/topicref>
    &lt;topicref navtitle="Map output" href="concepts/mapout.dita"/>
  &lt;/topicref>
&lt;/map></codeblock></result>
</taskbody>
</task>
<task id="genstuff">
<title>Generating output</title>
<shortdesc>Generate the output for the map.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>Use the same procedure as for previous maps, and generate either
HTMLHelp or an Eclipse plugin.</context>
</taskbody>
</task>
<task id="reviewresults">
<title>Reviewing results</title>
<shortdesc>Review the results of the map, including navigation and related
links.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Check that parent and child links have been added.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Compare the results with the equivalent set of tasks in the DITA
information set. You should see some additional links in the DITA information
set, because it covers more content and relationshps. But you should be able
to see some similarities as well. This is the same content being used with
different maps to produce different sets of links.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<concept id="summary">
<title>Summary</title>
<shortdesc>You have created a concept hierarchy, starting from a scenario
and list of tasks that you used to identify concepts and then organizing them
into a hierarchy.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Compare your map to the sample map in samples/typedmaps/source, and compare
your output to the sample output in samples/typedmaps/output.</p>
<p>You are now ready to proceed to the next tutorial, where you'll learn how
to create a hierarchy of reference information that provides details for specific
product or subject elements.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
</task>
</dita>
