<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Composite//EN"
 "..\dtd\ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
<task id="tutrelmaplist" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Tutorial: Creating a map that combines other maps</title>
<shortdesc>Learn how to combine maps together, which you can use to apply
multiple maps at the same time. You may find this easier than creating maplist
files.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>combining maps tutorial</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>DITA maps can reference other DITA maps using the topicref element.
You may use a topicref in a "main map" to reference your maps instead of creating
a maplist.</p><p>This tutorial builds on the maps created in previous tutorials: <xref
href="tutcreatemap.dita"></xref> and <xref href="tutrelmap.dita"></xref>.
You should complete those tutorials before starting this one.</p></prereq>
<result>After completing this tutorial, you will know:<ul>
<li>How to create a map that combines other maps</li>
<li>How to generate output and review it</li>
<li>How to review </li>
</ul></result>
</taskbody>
<task id="createlist">
<title>Creating the combining map</title>
<shortdesc>Create a map that references other maps using the map editor.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context><p>Create your map in a directory that contains the topics you want
to manage. <ph id="generalmapinst">Follow the instructions for your map editor;
general instructions are included here. </ph>To create the map file:</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Start your editor.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Start a new DITA map.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Save the map in a directory that will contain topics.</cmd><tutorialinfo>For
this tutorial, save it as <filepath>tut-map-simple\mainmap.ditamap</filepath>.</tutorialinfo>
</step>
<step><cmd>Change the name of the map by editing its <i>title</i> attribute.</cmd>
<tutorialinfo>For this tutorial, name the map <userinput>Main map</userinput>.</tutorialinfo>
<info>You can refresh the generated text to reflect the new title.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Delete the rest of the map content, leaving only the &lt;map> element.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Move your cursor to within the &lt;map> element (between its start
and end tags), and insert a &lt;topicref> element.</cmd><info>You can also
use editor macros to add topic references; however, these are most useful
when you have an existing topic to reference. When you are creating a new
topic, you need to define all the attributes manually.</info></step>
<step><cmd id="href">Add an <i>href</i> attribute to the &lt;topicref>, with
the name and location of the target map. </cmd><info>Use the map from the <xref
href="tutcreatemap.dita"></xref>; use the name <filepath>simplemap.ditamap</filepath>. </info>
</step>
<step id="format"><cmd>Add a <i>format</i> attribute and set
it to <codeph>ditamap</codeph>.</cmd><info>This causes the DITA processes
to treat the reference as a map. The referenced map's hierarchies are imbedded;
the related links are also processed.</info>
<choicetable>
<chrow><choption>The topics in the referenced map are, by default, included
in the table of contents and printed. </choption><chdesc>To prevent that map's
contents from appearing in the navigation, add a <codeph>toc="no"</codeph> attribute
to the topicref. <p>To prevent the target map's content from being printed
in the output PDF, add a <codeph>print="no"</codeph> attribute to the topicref.</p></chdesc>
</chrow>
<chrow><choption>Links are automatically made based on the referenced map;
that is, <codeph>linking="normal"</codeph> is the default. </choption><chdesc>Parent,
child, and related links are made based on the referenced map's hierarchy
and relationship tables. To prevent those automatic links, add a <codeph>linking="none"</codeph> attribute.</chdesc>
</chrow>
</choicetable>
</step>
<step><cmd>Add another <i>href</i> attribute to the &lt;topicref>, with the
name and location of the target map. </cmd><info>Use the map from the <xref
href="tutcreatemap.dita"></xref>; use the name <filepath>rels.ditamap</filepath>.
Set the <i>format</i> attribute to <codeph>ditamap</codeph>.</info></step>
</steps>
<result><p>You now have a map added a map reference:<codeblock>&lt;map title="Main map">
  &lt;topicref href="simplemap.ditamap" format="ditamap" />
  &lt;topicref href="rels.ditamap" format="ditamap" />
&lt;/map></codeblock></p></result>
</taskbody>
</task>
<task id="proclist">
<title>Processing the map</title>
<shortdesc>Process the map to create the navigation file and apply multiple
sets of related links at once.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Open Windows Explorer, and browse to the directory that contains
the map.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>From the pop-up menu of the map list, click <uicontrol>Work with
ID Workbench</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Generate HTML plus the type of navigation you want (HTMLHelp or
Eclipse).</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<task id="review">
<title>Review the navigation and linking output</title>
<shortdesc>Make sure the navigation for each navigation file was generated,
and also that linking for all maps was generated.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context></context>
<result><p>In HTMLHelp, the navigations will be combined where the topicrefs
were placed. For Eclipse, one navigation file will be created; you will will
need to add it to plugin.xml.</p><p>The links include parent, child, next,
and previous links from the hierarchical maps, and non-hierarchical links
from the rows in the relationship map.</p></result>
</taskbody>
</task>
<concept id="summary">
<title>Summary</title>
<shortdesc>You have created a combination map that you can process in one
step.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>You are now ready to proceed to the next tutorial, where you'll learn how
to assemble the different topic types into a hierarchy suitable for printing
as a minimalist manual.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
</task>
</dita>
