<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="release_12">
	<title>Release 1.2</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">IBM</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2001, 2005"/>
			<copyrholder>IBM Corporation</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2001"/>
			<revised modified="2005"/>
			<revised modified="2007-06-29"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>release information</keyword>
				<keyword>release history</keyword>
				<indexterm>release 1.2 features</indexterm>
				<indexterm>release history (DITA Open Toolkit)
				<indexterm>release 1.2</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
			<section id="release1.2.2">
			<title>Release 1.2.2</title>
			<p>Release 1.2.2 was a maintenance release based on release 1.2 in which 24 bugs were fixed.</p>
			<p>Also included were the following improvements:
			<ul>
					<li>Chinese support was added for Word RTF.</li>
					<li>The plug-in architecture and dependency handling was improved.</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.2.1">
			<title>Release 1.2.1</title>
			<p>Release 1.2.1 was a maintenance release based on release 1.2 in which 12 bugs were fixed.</p>
			<p>Also included were the following improvements:
			<ul>
					<li>A problem with corrupted tables generated in Word RTF was fixed.</li>
					<li>Pictures are now merged into the Word RTF instead of linking to them.</li>
					<li>The lq element is supported in Word RTF.</li>
					<li>Generated text can be translated to different languages in Word RTF.</li>
					<li>In Word RTF, if no &lt;choption&gt; is specified, a head is generated in tables.</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.2">
			<title>Release 1.2</title>
			<p>Release 1.2 was a major release to add new and improved functionality, fulfill new requirements, and fix bugs.</p>
			<p>
				<b>New and enhanced features</b>
			</p>
			<ol>
				<li>
					<b>Plug-in architecture</b>
					<p>New capabilities were added to help users download, install, and use plug-ins, and to help developers create new plug-ins for DITA Open Toolkit.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Word RTF transformation</b>
					<p>Capabilities were added to allow transformations from DITA source files to output in a Word RTF file.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>HTML-to-DITA migration tool</b>
					<p>A tool was added that migrates HTML files to DITA files.
					This tool originated from the developerWorks publication of Robert D. Anderson's how-to articles with the original h2d code.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Problem determination</b>
					<p>Logging was improved to capture additional status and transformation information, as well as warning, error, and fatal error messages both on-screen and in the log file.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Conditional processing documentation</b>
					<p>Information about conditional processing was added to the DITA Open Toolkit documentation set.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Language reference documentation</b>
					<p>The OASIS DITA standard language reference was added to the Toolkit documentation set.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>DTD files</b>
					<p>The DTD files in DITA Open Toolkit were updated to the DITA 1.0.1 level.</p>
				</li>
			</ol>
			<p>
				<b>Bug fixes: 19</b>
			</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
