<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="release_11">
	<title>Release 1.1</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">IBM</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2001, 2005"/>
			<copyrholder>IBM Corporation</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2001"/>
			<revised modified="2005"/>
			<revised modified="2007-06-29"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>release information</keyword>
				<keyword>release history</keyword>
				<indexterm>release 1.1 features</indexterm>
				<indexterm>release history (DITA Open Toolkit)
				<indexterm>release 1.1</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section id="release1.1.2.1">
			<title>Release 1.1.2.1</title>
			<p>Release 1.1.2.1 fixed one bug: the build process failed with the "Ant all" parameter, which prevented users from running the installation verification tests.</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.1.2">
			<title>Release 1.1.2</title>
			<p>Release 1.1.2 was a maintenance release with 14 bug fixes, minor changes to some Ant parameters, support for additional Java parameters, and minor changes to the organization of the <filepath>doc</filepath> directory.</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.1.1">
			<title>Release 1.1.1</title>
			<p>Release 1.1.1 was a maintenance release with 11 bug fixes and a <filepath>dost1.0.jar</filepath> name change back to <filepath>dost.jar</filepath>.</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.1">
			<title>Release 1.1</title>
			<p>Release 1.1 was a major release to add new and improved functionality, fulfill new requirements, and fix bugs.</p>
			<p>
				<b>New and enhanced features in release 1.1</b>
			</p>
			<ol>
				<li>
					<b>Support for OASIS DITA 1.0</b>
					<p>Support was added for the OASIS DITA 1.0 standard for DITA DTDs and schemas.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Transformation to troff</b>
					<p>Support was added for transformation to the troff document processing system.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>XML catalog support</b>
					<p>Support was added for XML catalogs, which are logical structures containing mapping information between public IDs and URLs of DTD files. A catalog entry can be used to locate a unified resource identifier (URI) reference for a DTD file. An external entity's public identifier is used for mapping to the URI reference. The URI of any system identifier can be ignored.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Topicref referring to nested topic</b>
					<p>The href attribute of the topicref entity was extended to quote a nested topic in a DITA file.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Localization support</b>
					<p>Support was added to support DITA content in 20 languages, and translation of DITA keywords in the same 20 languages.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Accessibility support</b>
					<p>Accessibility partially applied to XHTML and PDF transformations.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Eclipse Content Provider support</b>
					<p>Release 1.1 supported the Eclipse Content Provider.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Index information in HTML Help and JavaHelp</b>
					<p>Index information now appears in HTML Help and JavaHelp.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Mapref element</b>
					<p>The mapref element (a specialization of the topicref element) was added to allow a reference to another ditamap file.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>TOC generation for Eclipse Help</b>
					<p>Tables of contents could be generated for Eclipse help.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Helpsets supported in Java Help</b>
					<p>Support was added for helpsets in JavaHelp.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Additional parameter support for Java commands</b>
					<p>Support was added for the following Java command parameters: /indexshot, /outext, /copycss, /xsl, and /tempdir.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Additional parameter support for Ant scripts</b>
					<p>Support was added for the following Ant command parameters: .args.indexshow, args.outext, args.copycss, args.xsl, and dita.temp.dir.
					</p>
				</li>
			</ol>
			<p>
				<b>Bug fixes: 7</b>
			</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
