<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="release_10">
	<title>Release 1.0</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">IBM</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2001, 2005"/>
			<copyrholder>IBM Corporation</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2001"/>
			<revised modified="2005"/>
			<revised modified="2007-06-29"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>release information</keyword>
				<keyword>release history</keyword>
				<indexterm>release 1.0 features</indexterm>
				<indexterm>release history (DITA Open Toolkit)
				<indexterm>release 1.0</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section id="release1.0.2">
			<title>Release 1.0.2</title>
			<p>Release 1.0.2 was a maintenance release with 7 bug fixes and minor enhancements.</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.0.1">
			<title>Release 1.0.1</title>
			<p>Release 1.0.1 was a maintenance release with 11 bug fixes and minor enhancements.</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.0">
			<title>Release 1.0</title>
			<p>Release 1.0 was the initial release of the open-source version of the DITA Toolkit, which evolved from a developerWorks version.</p>
			<p>
				<b>New and enhanced features in release 1.0</b>
			</p>
			<ol>
				<li>
					<b>Java-based processing</b>
					<p>The Java-based processing architecture supports single-threaded execution throughout.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Ant-based processing</b>
					<p>Release 1.0 featured Ant-based orchestration of the processing environment, from preprocessing through transformation to any required postprocessing.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Conditional processing</b>
					<p>A preprocessor core supports conditional processing and conref resolution.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Map-driven processing</b>
					<p>The map-driven processor generates links for transformed topics.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>New DITA-to-HTML transform</b>
					<p>A  DITA-to-HTML transform that was designed for high-volume usage replaced the previous <filepath>topic2html_Impl.xsl</filepath> core transform.</p>
				</li>
			</ol>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
