<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="release_history">
	<title>Release history</title>
	<shortdesc>This section contains feature and bug  information about releases 1.0-1.2+ of DITA Open Toolkit.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">IBM</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2001, 2005"/>
			<copyrholder>IBM Corporation</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2001"/>
			<revised modified="2005"/>
			<revised modified="2006-October-12"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>release</keyword>
				<keyword>release history</keyword>
				<indexterm>release 1.2 features</indexterm>
				<indexterm>release 1.1 features</indexterm>
				<indexterm>release 1.0 features</indexterm>
				<indexterm>release history (DITA Open Toolkit)</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.3"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>Sections in this topic:
		<sl otherprops="pdf">
		        <sli>
					<xref href="#release_history/release1.2.2">Release 1.2.2 features</xref>
				</sli>
				<sli>
					<xref href="#release_history/release1.2">Release 1.2 features</xref>
				</sli>
				<sli>
					<xref href="#release_history/release1.1">Release 1.1 features</xref>
				</sli>
				<sli>
					<xref href="#release_history/release1.0">Release 1.0 features</xref>
				</sli>
			</sl>
		</p>
		<section id="release1.2.2">
			<title>Release 1.2.2</title>
			<p>Release 1.2.2 was a maintenance release based on release 1.2 in which 24 bugs were fixed.</p>
			<p>Also included were the following improvements:
			<ul>
					<li>Chinese support was added for Word RTF.</li>
					<li>The plug-in architecture and dependency handling was improved.</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.2.1">
			<title>Release 1.2.1</title>
			<p>Release 1.2.1 was a maintenance release based on release 1.2 in which 12 bugs were fixed.</p>
			<p>Also included were the following improvements:
			<ul>
					<li>A problem with corrupted tables generated in Word RTF was fixed.</li>
					<li>Pictures are now merged into the Word RTF instead of linking to them.</li>
					<li>The lq element is supported in Word RTF.</li>
					<li>Generated text can be translated to different languages in Word RTF.</li>
					<li>In Word RTF, if no &lt;choption&gt; is specified, a head is generated in tables.</li>
				</ul>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.2">
			<title>Release 1.2</title>
			<p>Release 1.2 was a major release to add new and improved functionality, fulfill new requirements, and fix bugs.</p>
			<p>
				<b>New and enhanced features</b>
			</p>
			<ol>
				<li>
					<b>Plug-in architecture</b>
					<p>New capabilities were added to help users download, install, and use plug-ins, and to help developers create new plug-ins for DITA Open Toolkit.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Word RTF transformation</b>
					<p>Capabilities were added to allow transformations from DITA source files to output in a <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" trademark="Microsoft">Microsoft</tm> Word RTF file.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>HTML-to-DITA migration tool</b>
					<p>A tool was added that migrates HTML files to DITA files.
					This tool originated from the developerWorks publication of Robert D. Anderson's how-to articles with the original h2d code.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Problem determination</b>
					<p>Logging was improved to capture additional status and transformation information, as well as warning, error, and fatal error messages both on-screen and in the log file.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Conditional processing documentation</b>
					<p>Information about conditional processing was added to the DITA Open Toolkit documentation set.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Language reference documentation</b>
					<p>The OASIS DITA standard language reference was added to the Toolkit documentation set.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>DTD files</b>
					<p>The DTD files in DITA Open Toolkit were updated to the DITA 1.0.1 level.</p>
				</li>
			</ol>
			<p>
				<b>Bug fixes: 19</b>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.1.2.1">
			<title>Release 1.1.2.1</title>
			<p>Release 1.1.2.1 fixed one bug: the build process failed with the "Ant all" parameter, which prevented users from running the installation verification tests.</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.1.2">
			<title>Release 1.1.2</title>
			<p>Release 1.1.2 was a maintenance release with 14 bug fixes, minor changes to some Ant parameters, support for additional Java parameters, and minor changes to the organization of the <filepath>doc</filepath> directory.</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.1.1">
			<title>Release 1.1.1</title>
			<p>Release 1.1.1 was a maintenance release with 11 bug fixes and a <filepath>dost1.0.jar</filepath> name change back to <filepath>dost.jar</filepath>.</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.1">
			<title>Release 1.1</title>
			<p>Release 1.1 was a major release to add new and improved functionality, fulfill new requirements, and fix bugs.</p>
			<p>
				<b>New and enhanced features in release 1.1</b>
			</p>
			<ol>
				<li>
					<b>Support for OASIS DITA 1.0</b>
					<p>Support was added for the OASIS DITA 1.0 standard for DITA DTDs and schemas.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Transformation to troff</b>
					<p>Support was added for transformation to the troff document processing system.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>XML catalog support</b>
					<p>Support was added for XML catalogs, which are logical structures containing mapping information between public IDs and URLs of DTD files. A catalog entry can be used to locate a unified resource identifier (URI) reference for a DTD file. An external entity's public identifier is used for mapping to the URI reference. The URI of any system identifier can be ignored.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Topicref referring to nested topic</b>
					<p>The href attribute of the topicref entity was extended to quote a nested topic in a DITA file.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Localization support</b>
					<p>Support was added to support DITA content in 20 languages, and translation of DITA keywords in the same 20 languages.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Accessibility support</b>
					<p>Accessibility partially applied to XHTML and PDF transformations.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Eclipse Content Provider support</b>
					<p>Release 1.1 supported the Eclipse Content Provider.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Index information in HTML Help and JavaHelp</b>
					<p>Index information now appeared in HTML Help and JavaHelp.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Mapref element</b>
					<p>The mapref element (a specialization of the topicref element) was added to allow a reference to another ditamap file.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>TOC generation for Eclipse Help</b>
					<p>Tables of contents could be generated for Eclipse help.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Helpsets supported in Java Help</b>
					<p>Support was added for helpsets in JavaHelp.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Additional parameter support for Java commands</b>
					<p>Support was added for the following Java command parameters: /indexshot, /outext, /copycss, /xsl, and /tempdir.
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Additional parameter support for Ant scripts</b>
					<p>Support was added for the following Ant command parameters: .args.indexshow, args.outext, args.copycss, args.xsl, and dita.temp.dir.
					</p>
				</li>
			</ol>
			<p>
				<b>Bug fixes: 7</b>
			</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.0.2">
			<title>Release 1.0.2</title>
			<p>Release 1.0.2 was a maintenance release with 7 bug fixes and minor enhancements.</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.0.1">
			<title>Release 1.0.1</title>
			<p>Release 1.0.1 was a maintenance release with 11 bug fixes and minor enhancements.</p>
		</section>
		<section id="release1.0">
			<title>Release 1.0</title>
			<p>Release 1.0 was the initial release of the open-source version of the DITA Toolkit, which evolved from a developerWorks version.</p>
			<p>
				<b>New and enhanced features in release 1.0</b>
			</p>
			<ol>
				<li>
					<b>Java-based processing</b>
					<p>The Java-based processing architecture supported single-threaded execution throughout.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Ant-based processing</b>
					<p>Release 1.0 featured Ant-based orchestration of the processing environment, from preprocessing through transformation to any required postprocessing.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Conditional processing</b>
					<p>A preprocessor core supported conditional processing and conref resolution.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>Map-driven processing</b>
					<p>The map-driven processor generated links for transformed topics.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<b>New DITA-to-HTML transform</b>
					<p>A  DITA-to-HTML transform that was designed for high-volume usage replaced the previous <filepath>topic2html_Impl.xsl</filepath> core transform.</p>
				</li>
			</ol>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
