<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE apiClassifier PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA API Classifier Reference Type//EN"
 "../dtd/apiClassifier.dtd">
<apiClassifier id="MultiLanguage">
<apiName>Document interface</apiName>
<shortdesc>Represents the entire HTML or XML document. Conceptually, it is
the root of the document tree, and provides the primary access to the document's
data.</shortdesc>
<apiClassifierDetail>
<apiDesc>Since elements, text nodes, comments, processing instructions, etc.
cannot exist outside the context of a Document, the Document interface also
contains the factory methods needed to create these objects. The Node objects
created have a ownerDocument attribute which associates them with the Document
within whose context they were created.</apiDesc>
<example><pre platform="java">Document doc = docBuilder.newDocument();
Attr attr = doc.createAttribute("name");</pre><pre platform="vb">Dim xmlDoc As New Msxml2.DOMDocument30
Dim newAtt As IXMLDOMAttribute
Set newAtt = xmlDoc.createAttribute("name")</pre><p>The example creates a
document object and attribute object.</p></example>
</apiClassifierDetail>
<apiOperation id="createAttribute">
<apiName>createAttribute() method</apiName>
<shortdesc>Creates an Attr of the given name. </shortdesc>
<apiOperationDetail>
<apiSyntax platform="java">
<apiSyntaxText><apiItemName>Attr</apiItemName> createAttribute(String <apiItemName>name</apiItemName>) throws <apiRelation
keyref="org.w3c.dom.DOMException">DOMException</apiRelation></apiSyntaxText>
<apiSyntaxItem>
<apiItemName>Attr</apiItemName>
<apiDefNote id="attributeParamDesc">The returned <apiclassifier keyref="org.w3c.dom.Attr">Attr</apiclassifier> object.</apiDefNote>
</apiSyntaxItem>
<apiSyntaxItem id="nameParam">
<apiItemName>name</apiItemName>
<apiDefNote>The name for the created attribute.</apiDefNote>
</apiSyntaxItem>
</apiSyntax>
<apiSyntax platform="vb">
<apiSyntaxText>Sub createAttribute(<apiItemName>name</apiItemName>, <apiItemName>mode</apiItemName>) Returns <apiItemName>IXMLDOMAttribute</apiItemName
></apiSyntaxText>
<apiSyntaxItem conref="#createAttribute/nameParam"></apiSyntaxItem>
<apiSyntaxItem>
<apiItemName>mode</apiItemName>
<apiDefNote>The read / write mode for the created attribute.</apiDefNote>
</apiSyntaxItem>
<apiSyntaxItem>
<apiItemName>IXMLDOMAttribute</apiItemName>
<apiDefNote conref="#createAttribute/attributeParamDesc"></apiDefNote>
</apiSyntaxItem>
</apiSyntax>
<apiDesc>After creation, the <apiclassifier keyref="org.w3c.dom.Attr">Attr</apiclassifier> instance
can be set on an <apiclassifier keyref="org.w3c.dom.Element">Element</apiclassifier> instance
using the <apioperation keyref="org.w3c.dom.Element.setAttributeNode">setAttributeNode</apioperation> method.</apiDesc>
</apiOperationDetail>
</apiOperation>
</apiClassifier>
