<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="conref.dita" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Content reuse</title>
<shortdesc>In addition to reusing topics in different maps, you can reuse
topics and topic content between documents.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>reuse</indexterm><indexterm>conref attribute, described</indexterm>
<indexterm>content referencing</indexterm><indexterm>referencing, content</indexterm>
<indexterm>symbols in DITA (content reference)</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>You can set up shell topics specifically to contain reusable elements,
or you can reuse content from actual publishable topics, as long as the content
is contained in an element with an <i>id</i> attribute. You can then reference
this element from another document, using an equivalent element with a <i>conref</i> attribute
that points to the element you want to reuse. Typically you should only reuse
content from other publishable topics when it is part of a predictable reuse
pattern, like using a concept's short description in the context for a related
task.</p>
<p>The reusing element must be the same type as the reused element. For example,
you cannot <i>conref</i> directly from a &lt;context> element to a &lt;shortdesc>
element, but you can create &lt;p> (paragraph) elements in both, and then
use one paragraph from the other.</p>
<p>The sample file <filepath>samples\belfry\batreuse.dita</filepath> shows
how to reuse things from the <filepath>samples\belfry\bats.dita</filepath> file.
Open them both in your editor, and preview both of them in XHTML to see how
the conref attribute works.</p>
<p>When editing content, be aware that elements with <i>id</i>s may be reused
or referenced by other topics. Do not delete or edit these elements without
checking on the potential impact on reusing or referencing topics.</p>
<p>When reusing content, be sure to inform the owner of the content that you
are reusing it, so you can be informed if the content changes.</p>
<section><title>Reuse of topics</title><indexterm>reuse<indexterm>of topics</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>topics<indexterm>reuse</indexterm></indexterm
><indexterm>xmlobj element</indexterm><p>It's safer to reuse whole topics
than to use parts of topics. Even when topics are edited, their subject remains
constant, and they may still be valid for reuse. However, when paragraphs
or phrases are edited, their subject may change substantially, and their ability
to be meaningfully integrated into reusing contexts may be compromised. There
are exceptions, however, like the short description of a concept that might
be reused in the context for a task, or the reuse of short phrases like product
names, so that they can be easily changed in one place.</p><p>You can reuse
topics in larger documents like tutorials or books, or in different collections
of topics:<ul>
<li>Reuse topics across DITA files using <i>conref</i>.</li>
<li>Reuse topics across maps, or in different places in the map, by repeating
the &lt;topicref> that points to it, or by using <i>conref</i> within the
map.</li>
<li>Reuse topics or maps in IBMIDDoc files using the xmlobj element, as shown
in the sample  idwbwin\samples\ibmdoc-dita-pdf.idd. </li>
</ul></p></section>
<section><title>Reuse of blocks</title><indexterm>reuse<indexterm>of blocks</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>block-level
reuse</indexterm><indexterm>conref attribute</indexterm><p>You need to be
careful about reusing blocks such as paragraphs and lists because they can
read very differently in different contexts. Also keep in mind that excessive
use of <i>conref</i> can cause a lot of redundant search hits, as the same
block of text generates a hit wherever it is reused.</p><p>There are some
cases, however, where it does make sense to reuse blocks, such as warnings
or definitions that need to be kept consistent. Where appropriate, create
topics specifically for storing reusable content, rather than reusing from
just any topic. However, it can be appropriate to reuse blocks across normal
topics when the reuse pattern is predictable, such as reusing the short description
of a concept in a task that applies to the concept.</p><p>When you cannot
reuse blocks because they are of different types - such as a concept's short
description and a task's context - you can get around the problem by creating
a &lt;ph> element within the block that holds the reusable text.</p></section>
<section><title>Reuse of phrases</title><indexterm>reuse<indexterm>of phrases</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>phrase-level
reuse</indexterm><indexterm>entity-level reuse</indexterm><indexterm>symbols,
conref</indexterm><indexterm>conref and symbols</indexterm><p>You can use <i>conref</i> to
replace entity-level reuse, for example to manage strings like product names.
If you want to conditionally process the product name (so that you can change
it when it is included in different product builds), put the conditions in
the reused object, so you only have to process them once. Remember that all
the variants of the product name will be included by default, and you must
specify which to exclude at processing time.</p><p>While noun phrases or complete
sentences are okay to use with a <i>conref</i>, do <b>not</b> reuse partial
sentences that mix verbs and nouns. Mixing verbs and nouns in a phrase for
reuse makes the phrase impossible to reuse in translated material. Many times
the position of nouns and verbs in English is very different when those sentences
are translated. For example, if you reuse the phrase "Assembling fribbles"
as part of a sentence that says "Assembling fribbles is a good idea", the
sentence is not translatable to languages in which the verb and the noun aren't
adjacent. Instead, reuse just "fribbles", or reuse the entire sentence.</p></section>
<example><title>Example: Reusing a paragraph</title><p>Here's a sample where
a paragraph from one topic is being reused in another. The <q>source</q> topic
needs to have a topic ID (bats), and the element being reused needs to have
an ID (wonder). The file is named <filepath>bats.dita</filepath>. <codeblock>&lt;topic id="bats">
 &lt;title>Bats&lt;/title>
 &lt;body>
  &lt;p id="wonder">Bats are one of nature's wonders. A flying mammal 
  that uses sound waves to locate flying insects in the dark.&lt;/p>
  &lt;fig id="figbat">&lt;title>Your cute, furry bat&lt;/title>
   &lt;image alt="Bat photograph." href="batpic.gif" placement="break">&lt;/image>
  &lt;/fig>
  &lt;p id="thanks">Thank-you for your purchase of the ACME Home Bat kit. 
  We hope that it gives you and your family lots of wholesome fun.&lt;/p>
 &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic></codeblock></p><p>To reuse the wonder paragraph, we need to code
the conref attribute so it includes the file name (and relative path if need
be), the topic ID, and the element ID. The conref attribute goes on the same
element as the source.<codeblock>&lt;topic id="resuse">
 &lt;title>Reuse is good, it is not stealing&lt;/title>
 &lt;body>
  &lt;p conref="bats.dita#bats/wonder">&lt;/p>
 &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic></codeblock></p><p>The resulting topic would appear similarly to
this:<lq><b>Reuse is good, it is not stealing</b><p>Bats are one of nature's
wonders. A flying mammal that uses sound waves to locate flying insects in
the dark.</p></lq></p></example>
<example><title>Example: Reusing a phrase for common terms or "symbols"</title><p>In
this example, we show a set of phrases in <uicontrol>keyword</uicontrol> elements;
which we then reuse with <varname>conref</varname> attributes. Use these in
place of <q>symbols</q>. The <varname>conref</varname> attribute specifies
the file name being referenced, the topic ID containing the phrase or keyword,
and the phrase ID. </p><p>Typically, you (or an administrator for your group),
will define a file of common terms or phrases. These should be noun strings
that typically define product names that may change. These phrases should
not mix verbs and nouns (as they will not be able to be translated). They
should not have singular and plural versions (as these are also difficult
to translate; some languages, depending in the context, have multiple ways
of indicating something as plural). </p><p>You can use either the ph (phrase)
or keyword element to contain your term. The keyword element has an advantage
in that it can be used in more places than the ph element; you may want to
define your terms using the keyword element.</p><p>Here is a file named <filepath>washcommon.dita</filepath> that
defines several things you may find in a wash room. Notice the file name is
used as the topic ID <varname>washcommon</varname>; this helps in defining
the conref attributes, and makes maintenance easier. The keywords are defined
inside a lines element. This helps to visually separate them when you edit
this file; and also ensures that the strings are saved as you typed them.
Other elements allow text to flow, and may introduce a line-return in the
middle of your string. Each keyword defines a term; the ID specifies the identifier
for the term.<codeblock>&lt;topic id="washcommon">
  &lt;title>Common Wash Room Topics&lt;/title>
  &lt;body>
   &lt;lines>
    &lt;keyword id="wc">Water Closet&lt;/keyword>
    &lt;keyword id="sink">Wash Basin&lt;/keyword>
    &lt;keyword id="hot">Hot Water Spigot&lt;/keyword>
    &lt;keyword id="cold">Cold Water Spigot&lt;/keyword>
    &lt;keyword id="towel">Towel Rack&lt;/keyword>
    &lt;keyword id="mirror">Wall Mirror&lt;/keyword>
    &lt;keyword id="shelf">Wall Shelf&lt;/keyword>
   &lt;/lines>
  &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic>
</codeblock></p><p>This shows a paragraph using on of the defined terms. The
keyword element is used, as it needs to match the element defining the term.
The conref attribute specifies the name of the file containing the definition
(<filepath>washcommon.dita</filepath>), the topic ID containing the keyword
element (<varname>washcommon</varname>), and the keyword ID for the term (<varname>sink</varname>).<codeblock>&lt;p>When you install the &lt;keyword conref="washcommon.dita#washcommon/sink"/>, be sure to...&lt;/p>
</codeblock></p><p>The resulting sentence is:<lq>When you install the Wash
Basin, be sure to...</lq></p></example>
<example><title>Example: Managing product names for several products</title><p>You
can use a nesting of phrase elements and the product property to indicate
specify product names for products. This example shows one product name that
is conditioned by three products. In the reusing file:<codeblock>&lt;p>When you install &lt;ph conref="../reuse/common.dita#common/prodname"/>, 
  be sure to...&lt;/p>
</codeblock></p><p>In the reused file common.dita:<codeblock>&lt;topic id="common">
  &lt;title>Common phrases&lt;/title>
  &lt;body>
   &lt;lines>
    &lt;ph id="prodname">
      &lt;ph product="ABase">ThisProduct&lt;/ph>
      &lt;ph product="AExtra">ThisProduct Deluxe&lt;/ph>
      &lt;ph product="Another">AnotherProduct&lt;/ph>
    &lt;/ph>
   &lt;/lines>
  &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic></codeblock></p><p>In a property value (DITAVAL) file, you would
then set the product property to include one of the products and exclude the
other two. For example:<codeblock>&lt;val>
  &lt;prop att="product" val="ABase" action="exclude" />
  &lt;prop att="product" val="AExtra" action="include" />
  &lt;prop att="product" val="Another" action="exclude" />
&lt;/val>    </codeblock></p><p>Because AExtra is included and the others
are excluded, the resulting paragraph would be:<lq>When you install ThisProduct
Deluxe, be sure to...</lq></p><p>Another method, if you need to use the keyword
element, is to define the keyword and the property in the same element, and
duplicate the identifiers. For example, in the file <filepath>commonproducts.dita</filepath>:<codeblock>&lt;topic id="commonproducts">
  &lt;title>Common products&lt;/title>
  &lt;body>
   &lt;lines>
    &lt;keyword id="prodname" product="ABase">ThisProduct&lt;/keyword>
    &lt;keyword id="prodname" product="AExtra">ThisProduct Deluxe&lt;/keyword>
    &lt;keyword id="prodname" product="Another">AnotherProduct&lt;/keyword>
   &lt;/lines>
  &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic></codeblock></p><p>In the reusing file:<codeblock>&lt;p>When you install &lt;keyword conref="commonproducts.dita#commonproducts/prodname"/>, 
  be sure to...&lt;/p>
</codeblock></p><p>Again, because AExtra is included and the
others are excluded, the resulting paragraph would be:<lq>When you install
ThisProduct Deluxe, be sure to...</lq></p></example>
</conbody>
</concept>
