<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="design" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Design phase</title>
<shortdesc>In the design phase, information architects document scenarios
and develop maps.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>design phase</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Start the design phase by identifying scenarios. These scenarios may already
exist as usage scenarios or use cases for the product, or they may need to
be developed. They should describe how a particular user in particular circumstances
would use the product from start to finish to accomplish a coherent goal,
like developing and deploying a Web application, or setting up and using a
database. Often more than one scenario is required to describe all the uses
of a product, or all the tasks in a subject area. Once the scenarios are identified,
they may be documented, developed as samples, or adapted as tutorials.</p>
<p>After scenarios are identified and documented, they can be analyzed to
extract a list of tasks. If a task analysis already exists for a product,
you can use it as a starting point, but the more closely you tie the task
analysis to your scenarios the easier they will be to document and the more
coherent they will appear to users.</p>
<p>Once you have a list of tasks, you can organize it into a task hierarchy.
Derive the set of concepts required to support the tasks, and organize them
into a hierarchy as well. Identify the areas requiring reference documentation,
and create a preliminary reference hierarchy. Finally, create a relationship
table that shows which concepts are required to support which tasks, and the
reference information that supports them both.</p>
<p>At the end of the design phase, you should have a list of the tasks, concepts,
and reference topics that need to be developed. You may also have documented
scenarios, samples, and tutorials, which you can begin testing immediately.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
