<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="how" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>How this information was developed</title>
<shortdesc>This information was developed using DITA maps and information
types, using the processes and techniques it in turn describes.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>DITA Users Guide development</indexterm><indexterm>development,
DITA Users Guide</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>The author took the following steps to develop the information:</p>
<ol>
<li>Identified scenarios. The author started with the list of scenarios used
during the product design stage to identify product requirements.</li>
<li>Performed an audience analysis and a task analysis to identify key audience
roles and key tasks.</li>
<li>Created a task map and a concept map, based on the audience and task analysis.</li>
<li>Created samples and tutorials for key scenarios.</li>
<li>Based on the tutorials, revised the task and concept maps.</li>
<li>Developed tasks and concepts, in many cases moving existing content out
of the tutorials where they could be part of the task and concept hierarchies
as well as reused in the tutorials.</li>
<li>Created a map for a reading hierarchy by integrating the concept and task
maps with samples and tutorials and adjusting the nesting levels.</li>
<li>Added more links using map relationship tables.</li>
<li>Produced HTMLHelp from the concept and task maps, also including tutorials,
samples, and the language reference.</li>
<li>Produced a PDF from the reading map, excluding the language reference.</li>
<li>Produced an Eclipse plugin from all the maps, organized into retrieval
and browsing views.</li>
<li>At each step, reviewed the result with users and developers, and incorporated
their feedback.</li>
</ol>
<p>This is the same process documented in the tutorials, concepts, and tasks
in this information set.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
