<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="images" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Images</title>
<shortdesc>You can insert images using the image element. Images can be used
at the block level, for example to show screen captures or diagrams, or at
the phrase level, for example to show what icons or toolbar buttons look like.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>image elements</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Use the image's <i>href</i> attribute to point to the location of the image,
for example &lt;image href="../images/diag1.jpg"/>. You should always reference
the online version of the image. The PDF output process will automatically
convert JPG images to EPS. For other file formats (such as GIF or PNG), the
PDF output process looks for an EPS file in the same location with the same
name. For example, for &lt;image href="../images/screen1.gif"/> the PDF output
process will look for <filepath>../images/screen1.eps</filepath> . </p>
<p>You can set an &lt;image>'s <i>placement</i> attribute to make it behave
like a block element, or simply place it in a &lt;fig> element, which also
lets you give the image a title.</p>
<p rev="dita13">Always provide alternative text for images, using the &lt;alt>
element. This should provide a description of the image for people using screen
readers. The alt attribute on &lt;image>is still supported, but is deprecated.
The &lt;alt> element is used when both it and the alt attribute are specified.</p>
<p>Do not edit the <i>height</i> and <i>width</i> attributes for the image:
changing the size or shape of an image can result in distortion and lower
image quality. If you want to change the size of the image, do so when possible
by editing the graphic directly, rather than changing the markup that references
it. If you want to change the size of the image in the PDF, create an EPS
version of the image in the appropriate size.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
