<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="linking" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Linking in DITA</title>
<shortdesc>You can define links to related topics and let the output process
retrieve information about the target and sort the links appropriately.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>links<indexterm>in topics</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Wherever possible, you should manage your links from maps, so that the
topic has few direct dependencies on other topics, and can easily be reused
in other collections. However, if your topic is only being used in one collection,
the links are unlikely to change in different contexts, or the links are to
topics in the same file, you can add the links directly to the topic.</p>
<p>The text content of a link or cross-reference is created in one of two
ways: if you have typed in the text yourself, then a hyperlink is created
using your text. If you do not supply the text content manually, the output
processor uses content from the title of the destination element. For example,
if you point to another topic, then the title of the topic shows up inside
the cross-reference as the hyperlinked text. If the target cannot be reached
by the processor, and you did not supply the cross-reference text content
yourself, then the processor uses the value of the <i>href</i> attribute as
link text but will generate an error. To avoid the error, use the <i>format</i> and <i>scope</i> attributes
to give the processor enough information to avoid attempting to access the
target.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
