<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="maplink" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Maps and linking</title>
<shortdesc>You can move cross-references out of topic content and into maps
to manage them more effectively.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>linking and maps</indexterm><indexterm>maps<indexterm>linking</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>You can use maps to describe different kinds of relationships among your
topics. Hierarchical relationships, like parent and child, can be drawn from
the same map you use to generate HTMLHelp or Eclipse navigation. You can supplement
these with sequences and families within the hierarchy. And you can go beyond
the hierarchy, using tables to organize your linking dependencies and creating
additional families and sequences outside the hierarchy.</p>
<p>There are several advantages to maintaining links in your map, rather than
in the topics:<ul>
<li>You can change links more efficiently. Editing groups, hierarchies, and
tables is more efficient than managing all the individual links they imply.</li>
<li>You can review consistency and usability in one place. You can see patterns
and identify holes in your Web more easily looking at a map than you can reviewing
each topic individually.</li>
<li>You can apply different links for different contexts. If you reuse information
in another Web, where it needs different links, you can just apply a different
map, without editing the topic content.</li>
<li>You can continue editing links even after the topic content has shipped
to translation. If you add or delete a set of topics at the last minute, you
can incorporate links to them throughout your Web without editing the topic
content.</li>
</ul></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
