<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="mixedhier" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Reading hierarchies</title>
<shortdesc>In addition to task, concept, and reference hierarchies, you can
combine information types to form a reading sequence of topics.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>reading hierarchies</indexterm><indexterm>hierarchies<indexterm>reading</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>multi-type hierarchies</indexterm><indexterm>mixed-type hierarchies</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>The task, concept, and reference hierarchies provide a logical organization
that can help users understand various aspects of use: the expected usage
flow, the conceptual underpinnings of a product, and the details of its functionality.
The hierarchies are meaningful in this sense even in themselves, without the
content they organize. However, the hierarchies are designed to aid understanding
of topics retrieved when they are needed, and are not meant to provide a reading
sequence. Few readers will have the patience to read the whole set of concepts
without wanting to find out about tasks, and few readers will be able to read
all tasks without resorting to reference information for more detail on some
point or other.</p>
<p>While the typed hierarchies provide appropriate organizations for users
to retrieve information when it is needed, they do not provide appropriate
organizations for more intensive reading efforts. To support readers who have
the time and discipline to read the whole of a documentation set, we can provide
a more sequence-friendly organization, which mixes concepts, tasks, and references
together, including each topic only once.</p>
<p>You can also choose to build a map like this directly, instead of building
maps organized by type. However, you should still go through the exercises
of identifying a scenario, identifying tasks, and then identifying concepts
and reference information, before building your mixed map. Even if you don't
expose the task, concept, and reference hierarchies to your users, they are
still valuable tools for building a minimalist manual.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
