<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="multim" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Multimedia</title>
<shortdesc>You can create multimedia for your online information using the
object element, for example to display SVG diagrams that can be rotated and
explored.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>object elements</indexterm><indexterm>multimedia</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Most Web browsers have built-in mechanisms for rendering common data types
such as text content and images (GIF and JPG are two common image types).
If a browser doesn't support a data type directly, such as when a Flash presentation
is inserted into a Web page, the browser calls an external application to
handle the data, such as the Flash plug-in. The &lt;object> element provides
many attributes so that you can control how the data is rendered, whether
by the browser or by some external application called by the browser.</p>
<p>You should use the &lt;desc> element or <i>longdescref</i> attribute to
provide a description of the object for screen readers. When you use a &lt;desc>,
the description is displayed with the object; when you use <i>longdescref</i>,
the description is in a separate topic, and the link is only available to
the screen reader.</p>
<p>If you want other forms of multimedia or interactivity, consider whether
they could be provided through a transform customization, rather than coded
directly in the source. Multimedia and interactive elements tend to evolve
quickly, and can be hard to maintain and keep consistent without a degree
of automation.</p>
<p>The &lt;object> element is ignored in PDF output. For XHTML-based output
(including HTMLHelp), the &lt;object> element is mapped straight through to
XHTML, which has the exact same element.</p>
<example><title>Example</title><codeblock>&lt;p>Cutting the keys from the system unit:&lt;/p>
&lt;object classid="clsid:D27CDB6E-AE6D-11cf-96B8-444553540000" 
codebase="http://download.macromedia.com/pub/shockwave/cabs/flash/swflash.cab#version=6,0,0,0"
data="cutkey370.swf" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" height="280" width="370"
id="cutkey370">
&lt;desc>Demonstrates the correct way to cut keys from the system unit.&lt;/desc>
&lt;param name="movie" value="cutkey370.swf"/>
&lt;param name="quality" value="high"/>&lt;param name="bgcolor" value="#FFFFFF"/>
&lt;/object>   </codeblock><p>Inside the &lt;object> element, use the optional
&lt;desc> and &lt;parm> sub-elements to provide a description of the multimedia
object, and to specify a set of values (parameters) that may be required by
a multimedia object at run-time. For more information about how parameters
of an object work in HTML, see <xref href="http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/struct/objects.html"
scope="external"></xref>.</p></example>
</conbody>
</concept>
