<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="pdfout" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>PDF output</title>
<shortdesc>You can produce draft PDF output directly from maps, pulling the
referenced topics together into a hierarchy and transforming the result into
a single PDF. Pull the map into an IBMIDDoc shell to get PDFs you can ship
to customers.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>PDF output</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>See the file <filepath>idwbwin\samples\ibmdoc-dita-pdf.idd</filepath>,
supplied with ID Workbench, for an example of an IBMIDDoc shell document you
can customize for your own map publishing.</p>
<p>Topics are pulled into the PDF result when they are local (can be reached)
and DITA format (can be interpreted). Topics with toc="no" are included in
the output but excluded from the table of contents. To exclude any topic or
branch of topics from PDF output, set print="no" on the &lt;topicref> you
want to exclude.</p>
<p>The following elements are ignored during PDF processing:</p>
<ul>
<li>References with print="no"</li>
<li>References to external or peer topics, which cannot be reached for inclusion
in the PDF file.</li>
<li>References to non-DITA files, because they cannot be pulled into the PDF
file.</li>
<li>&lt;navref> and &lt;anchor> elements, because there is no concept of runtime
inclusion in PDF files. If you want to include other maps for PDFs, instead
of using &lt;navref> use the <i>conref</i> attribute on a &lt;topicref> to
pull in the structures you want to reuse.</li>
</ul>
<p>For images to be included in PDF output, they must be either JPGs or have
an equivalent EPS form. When you use JPG images, set the advanced options
on the PDF output for graphic image type to EPS, JPG. The output process will
then use EPS files if available, and convert the JPG images during the transform
if not. When you use other online formats, refer to the image file by its
online filename (for example, myfile.gif). The PDF output process will look
for an equivalent EPS file (same file name and location, different extension).</p>
<p>Links are added during PDF processing based on map tables, but not based
on map hierarchies, groups, or collection types.</p>
<p rev="rel384">If you have specialized styles for phrases and keywords that
you need to have styled in the PDF (or other output); you can use a PHSTYLE
parameter. For more information, see <q>Controlling page breaks, line breaks,
and style appearance</q> in the <cite>Process and Command Guide</cite>.<indexterm>creating
PDF style settings for phrases and keywords</indexterm><indexterm>PDF style
settings for phrases and keywords</indexterm><indexterm>page breaks, PDF output</indexterm><indexterm>PDF
page breaks</indexterm><indexterm>line breaks</indexterm></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
