<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="phkey" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Phrases and keywords</title>
<shortdesc>You can intermix markup with text when you need to identify part
of a paragraph or even part of a sentence as having special significance.
Phrases can usually contain other phrases and keywords as well as text. Keywords
can only contain text.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>phrases</indexterm><indexterm>keywords</indexterm><indexterm>domains
and phrases</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>There are a lot of phrase-level elements to choose from. It helps to think
of them in terms of categories.<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Generic</dt>
<dd>When you need to assign <i>id</i>s for content reuse, or metadata attributes
for flagging and filtering, but don't want to imply anything about the content,
you can use markup like &lt;term>, &lt;ph> (phrase), or &lt;keyword></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Software</dt>
<dd>When you need to talk about basic software subjects, use markup like &lt;filepath>
(files and paths to files), &lt;cmdname> (command names), and &lt;userinput>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Programming</dt>
<dd>When you are documenting programming information, use markup like &lt;apiname>
(for example a class or method name) or &lt;synph> (a formal syntax description). </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>User interfaces</dt>
<dd>When you are documenting user interfaces, use markup like &lt;uicontrol>
(for example a button or field name) or &lt;wintitle> (a window or dialog
name).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Highlighting</dt>
<dd>When you need to draw attention to some content but none of the above
categories applies, use one of the highlighting elements, like &lt;b> (bold),
&lt;i> (italic), or &lt;tt> (monospace). This is better than using the wrong
markup, like applying &lt;codeph> to an email address to get monospace formatting,
but not as good as using the right markup if it's available. If you don't
like the way the right markup is formatted, talk to your editors or team leads
and see if you can get it changed globally, to keep things consistent. Do <b>not</b> misuse
markup to get formatting effects: even if the result works within your information
set, it may be jarringly inconsistent when your set is combined with others
for publication, and have consequences for search rankings and future indexing
applications.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
