<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="prereq" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Prerequisites</title>
<shortdesc>You can use the structure of the map, combined with knowledge about
the importance of each task, to derive information about which tasks are prerequisites
for other tasks.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>prerequisite links</indexterm><indexterm>links<indexterm>prerequisites</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>When you define an overview task, some of its subtasks may be required
to achieve the high-level goal, while others may be optional. If you set one
of the tasks as required, later tasks in the same sequence will link back
to it as a prerequisite.</p>
<p>Not all prerequisites are defined in sequences, however. For example, a
deployment task may have required a particular configuration step during installation.
For prerequisites outside of sequences, you can put the required topic in
a table or group with the topics that require it.</p>
<p>When you set importance="required" on a &lt;topicref>, it will be linked
to as a prerequisite by other topics as follows:<ul>
<li>If the topic is in a family (parent's collection-type="family"), all its
siblings will link to it as a prerequisite</li>
<li>If the topic is in a sequence (parent's collection-type="sequence"), the
siblings that follow it will link to it as a prerequisite (siblings earlier
than it in the sequence will not link to it).</li>
<li>If the topic is in a relationship table row, its related topics from other
cells in the row will link to it as a prerequisite.</li>
</ul></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
