<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="samples" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Samples</title>
<shortdesc>Samples, as distinct from examples, show what the completed results
of a user's high-level task might look like, as opposed to just a fragment
of a result.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>samples</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>For programming products, a sample is an executable piece of code that
users can run with very little effort. The source code for the sample should
make liberal use of comments that point out details that users should notice.
Highlight key functions; for example, show off features that differentiate
the IBM WebSphere Studio Workbench from Microsoft Visual InterDev. Ensure
that the names of code variables are self-explanatory. For example, phone_number
is easier to understand than pn.  In addition to the sample itself, you should
provide a topic that describes the sample and tells users how to run it. Sometimes,
you can also include a tutorial that explains how to recreate a sample.</p>
<p>Even though samples may contain instructions on how to run them, they are
not in fact tasks. The instructions on running are not the defining feature
of the sample, they merely tell the user how to explore the sample. Typically
you would document samples using the generic topic DTD, since more specific
information types don't apply.</p>
<p>Samples documentation may consist of:<ul>
<li>A description of the sample, with directions for where to find it.</li>
<li>A description of the sample, with directions for both finding and running
it.</li>
<li>A complete code listing or equivalent, which the user can cut and paste
to use directly.</li>
</ul>When the sample has a matching tutorial, the sample's documentation should
include a link to the tutorial on output. (The link may be added by processing
a map that ties samples and tutorials together with a relationship table.)</p>
<p>Typically, titles of topics that describe samples should start with the
word "Sample". For example, "Sample: mailquery", or "Sample: User-defined
methods".</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
