<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="tutorials" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Tutorials</title>
<shortdesc>Tutorials, like scenarios, should introduce the users to product
functionality in terms of a real-life task.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>tutorials</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Author tutorials as a compound document, with a main task topic that can
contain a series of task and concept children. The parent task should start
with an overview that tells users what they should expect to learn, and the
last child should be a summary of what the tutorial has covered. You can chain
tutorials together to show how the product is used to accomplish larger, end-to-end
goals, or pick smaller specific tutorials that demonstrate selected pieces
of functionality that require extra introduction, because the subject area
is new or complicated.</p>
<p>Tutorials, like scenarios and samples, can be input for the task analysis
that produces your task list. Tutorials can have a close relationship with
samples, either modifying a shipped sample to demonstrate specific functionality,
or showing how a particular sample was created. By using a sample as a starting
point, you can skip introductory or repetitive instructions and concentrate
on the tasks that require explanation. By using a sample as an ending point,
you can give users something to compare their own results with, to validate
their success or help troubleshoot any problems they encountered.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
