<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
    Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
    applicable licenses.-->
<!--
        | (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2005 - 2006. All Rights Reserved.
        *-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="abstract_element" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>New element &lt;abstract&gt;</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">IBM</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2006"/>
			<copyrholder>IBM</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-Sepember-19"/>
			<revised modified="2006-October-17"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>release 1.3 features</indexterm>
				<indexterm>abstract element</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.3"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>The new &lt;abstract&gt;
element can include complex markups besides the &lt;shortdesc&gt; element. You
can put the &lt;shortdesc&gt; element inside the &lt;abstract&gt; element, together
with many other elements. The following examples illustrate how you can use
the &lt;abstract&gt; element. </p>
		<p>If you use several &lt;shortdesc&gt; elements inside the &lt;abstract&gt; element,
they will be concatenated when pulled for hover help.  After you format the
source files, the content inside the &lt;abstract&gt; element will be transformed
into normal text.</p>
		<note>Because OASIS DITA 1.1 was not yet approved at the time DITA Open Toolkit 1.3 was released, 
the functionality described here should be considered preliminary until DITA 1.1 is approved, the 1.3 Toolkit assessed relative
to DITA 1.1, and appropriate changes made to the Toolkit, if necessary.</note>
		<example>
			<title>Examples</title>
			<p>
				<lines>
					<ph>
						<b>Example 1</b>
					</ph>
				</lines>In
DITA 1.0, you can only use the &lt;shortdesc&gt; element that cannot contain
the &lt;p&gt; element. <codeblock> &lt;shortdesc&gt;This is a short description in DITA 1.0. It &lt;b&gt;cannot&lt;/b&gt; contain paragraphs.&lt;/shortdesc&gt;</codeblock>
			</p>
			<p>
				<lines>
					<ph>
						<b>Example 2</b>
					</ph>
				</lines>This example illustrates how with 1.3
you can use different elements besides &lt;shortdesc&gt; inside the &lt;abstract&gt;
element, and apply different styles to the text inside the &lt;abstract&gt; element.<codeblock>    &lt;abstract&gt;
        &lt;shortdesc&gt;This is the short description&lt;/shortdesc&gt;
        &lt;ol&gt;
            &lt;li&gt;This is a &lt;i&gt;list&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ol&gt;
        &lt;p&gt;This is a &lt;b&gt;paragraph&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;codeblock&gt;Here are some codes.&lt;/codeblock&gt;
        &lt;filepath&gt;This is the file path.&lt;/filepath&gt;
    &lt;/abstract&gt;</codeblock>
			</p>
			<p>
				<lines>
					<ph>
						<b>Example 3</b>
					</ph>
				</lines>This
example illustrates how you can use both the &lt;shortdesc&gt; element and plain
text inside the &lt;abstract&gt; element.<codeblock> &lt;abstract&gt;&lt;shortdesc&gt;This topic is about short description.&lt;/shortdesc&gt;. 
Short description is very important, so read more.&lt;/abstract&gt;</codeblock>
			</p>
		</example>
	</conbody>
</concept>
