<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.-->
<!--
  | (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2005 - 2006. All Rights Reserved.
  *-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="graphic_scaling" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>Graphic scaling improvement</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">IBM</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2006"/>
			<copyrholder>IBM</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-Sepember-19"/>
			<revised modified="2006-October-17"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>release 1.3 features</indexterm>
				<indexterm>graphics scaling</indexterm>
				<indexterm>&lt;image&gt; element height and width</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.3"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>DITA Open Toolkit 1.3 provides improved support for graphic scaling. This feature applies to HTML Help, XHTML, PDF, and FO. The feature is not supported in RTF output.</p>
		<note>Because OASIS DITA 1.1 was not yet approved at the time DITA Open Toolkit 1.3 was released, 
the functionality described here should be considered preliminary until DITA 1.1 is approved, the 1.3 Toolkit assessed relative
to DITA 1.1, and appropriate changes made to the Toolkit, if necessary.</note>
		<p>The DITA 1.1 standard specifies attributes that you can use to set the actual
display size of the pictures in the <codeph>&lt;image&gt;</codeph> tag, such
as "width" and "height" (for example, <codeph>&lt;image
height="80" width="60" href="a.jpg"/&gt;</codeph>).</p>
		<p>You can optionally specify the metric of the length in the height and
width attributes fields, for example, <codeph>&lt;image height="80pc" width="60pc"
href="a.jpg"/&gt;</codeph>. The metrics currently supported are: px, pc, pt,
in, cm, mm, em. The default is px.</p>
		<p>You can also use the scaling function in setting the actual display
size of the output image, for example <codeph>&lt;image height="80pc" width="60pc"
href="a.jpg" scale="0.8"/&gt;</codeph>. Scale="0.8" means the picture in the
output will be displayed at 80% of the size that you specified by height and
width. In this example the picture will be displayed at 64 pt in
height and 48 pt in width.</p>
	</conbody>
</concept>
