<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.-->
<!--
  | (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2005 - 2006. All Rights Reserved.
  *-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="multiple_file_extensions" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>Support for multiple file extensions in one DITA map</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">IBM</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2006"/>
			<copyrholder>IBM</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-Sepember-19"/>
			<revised modified="2006-October-12"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>release 1.3 features</indexterm>
				<indexterm>.dita and .xml file extensions</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.3"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>DITA Open Toolkit supports two different file extensions, ".dita" and ".xml".
Previous releases of DITA Open Toolkit did not support the transformation of
DITA maps containing inconsistent file types, for example one DITA map containing
both .dita and .xml files. 
This made file reuse
difficult, because you had to change the file extensions manually. </p>
		<p>In the 1.3 release, you can include both .xml and .dita as the file extensions
in a single DITA map.</p>
		<p> If you include both .xml and .dita files in one DITA map, and
specify <filepath>/ditaext:.dita</filepath> in the Java command, the <filepath>.xml</filepath> files are transformed to
<filepath>.dita</filepath> and put in the <filepath>temp</filepath> directory together with the <filepath>.dita</filepath>
files. 
If you specify <filepath>/ditaext:.xml</filepath> in the Java command, all the <filepath>.dita</filepath> files are
transformed to <filepath>.xml</filepath> in the <filepath>temp</filepath> directory.</p>
		<p>The default process option is to change all files into .xml files.</p>
		<note>
			<ul>
				<li>Do not include files with the same root
name but different extensions in the same directory, because this might cause
unexpected problems.</li>
				<li>Error messages and warning messages in the console might not reflect the
real extension. For example, if there is incorrect usage in file <filepath>a.dita</filepath>, the
warning message in the console might refer to file <filepath>a.xml</filepath>, because file <filepath>a.dita</filepath> was changed
into file <filepath>a.xml</filepath> in the <filepath>temp</filepath> directory.</li>
				<li>If you use other file extensions together with <filepath>.dita</filepath> and <filepath>.xml</filepath> in one
ditamap, for example, <filepath>.dit</filepath>, you run the risk of transformation failure.</li>
			</ul>
		</note>
	</conbody>
</concept>
