<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="abstract" rev="1.1" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>abstract</title>
<shortdesc>The abstract element occurs between the topic title and the topic
body, as the initial content of a topic. It can contain paragraph-level content
as well as one or more shortdesc elements which can be used for providing
link previews or summaries. The &lt;abstract> element cannot be overridden
by maps, but its contained &lt;shortdesc> elements can be, for the purpose
of creating link summaries or previews.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>abstract</indexterm><indexterm>Topic elements<indexterm>abstract</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>Use the &lt;abstract> element when the initial paragraph of a
topic is unsuitable for use as a link preview or for summaries, for example
because it contains lists or tables, or because only a portion of the paragraph
is suitable. Note that when the initial paragraph is suitable as a summary,
that content should be placed in a &lt;shortdesc> element rather than in an
&lt;abstract> element. The &lt;abstract> element allows for a wider range
of content in your initial paragraph, such as lists and tables, and allows
you to identify portions of the &lt;abstract> content as useful for previews
or summaries by embedding the &lt;shortdesc> element within &lt;abstract>.</p><p>When
the contained &lt;shortdesc> occurs within phrase-level content, it is treated
as phrase-level content and should not create a separate paragraph on output
of the topic. When the contained &lt;shortdesc> occurs as a peer to paragraph-level
content, it is treated as block-level content and should create a separate
paragraph on output of the topic. When multiple &lt;shortdesc> elements are
included in an &lt;abstract>, they are concatenated in output of link previews
or summaries (separated by spaces).</p></section><?Pub Caret?>
<example><title>Example: abstract with phrase-level short description</title><pre>&lt;abstract&gt;The abstract is being used to provide more complex content. 
	&lt;shortdesc>The shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract.&lt;/shortdesc>
The abstract can put text around the shortdesc.
&lt;/abstract></pre><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topic output</dt>
<dd>The abstract is being used to provide more complex content.  	The shortdesc
must be directly contained by the abstract. The abstract can put text around
the shortdesc.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Preview/summary output</dt>
<dd>The shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></example>
<example><title>Example: abstract with block-level short description</title><pre>&lt;abstract&gt;&lt;p>The abstract is being used to provide more complex content.&lt;/p> 
	&lt;shortdesc>The shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract.&lt;/shortdesc>
&lt;p>The abstract can put text around the shortdesc.&lt;/p>
&lt;/abstract></pre><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topic output</dt>
<dd><p>The abstract is being used to provide more complex content.</p><p>The
shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract. </p><p>The abstract
can put text around the shortdesc.</p>  	</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Preview/summary output</dt>
<dd>The shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></example>
<example><title>Example: abstract with multiple short descriptions</title><pre>&lt;abstract&gt;The abstract is being used to provide more complex content. 
	&lt;shortdesc>The shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract.&lt;/shortdesc>
	&lt;p>The abstract can put text around the shortdesc.&lt;/p>
	&lt;shortdesc>There can be more than one shortdesc.&lt;/shortdesc>
&lt;/abstract></pre><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topic output</dt>
<dd><p>The abstract is being used to provide more complex content. The shortdesc
must be directly contained by the abstract.</p><p>The abstract can put text
around the shortdesc.</p><p> There can be more than one shortdesc.</p> 	</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Preview/summary output</dt>
<dd>The shortdesc must be directly contained by the abstract. There can be
more than one shortdesc.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></example>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/abstract-contains" otherprops="contains"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/abstract-containedby"
otherprops="containedby"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/abstract-classvalue" otherprops="classvalue"></section>
<section id="attrs"><title>Attributes</title> <simpletable id="abstract_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classandout"><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/></strow>
</simpletable> </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005671?>
