<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="bookmeta" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>bookmeta</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;bookmeta&gt; element contains information about the book
that is not considered book content, such as copyright information, author
information, and any classifications. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm><?Pub Caret1?>Bookmap elements<indexterm>bookmeta</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>bookmeta</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<example><title>Example</title><p>In this example:<ul>
<li>The &lt;authorinformation&gt; contains the content for a reader's comment
form; the &lt;maintainer&gt; element references that author information to
create the reader comment form.</li>
<li>The &lt;prodinfo&gt; element contains the book's product information.
This includes the product name, and the version, release, and modification
information.</li>
<li>The &lt;bookid&gt; element contains the book's form number and part number
information. The &lt;maintainer&gt; element contains the reader comment information;
point to the &lt;authorinformation&gt; element for a complete RCF.</li>
<li>The &lt;bookrights&gt; element contains the book's copyright information.</li>
</ul></p><codeblock>&lt;bookmeta&gt;
 &lt;authorinformation id="rcf"&gt;
  &lt;organizationinfo&gt;&lt;namedetails&gt;&lt;organizationnamedetails&gt;
  &lt;organizationname&gt;IBM&lt;/organizationname&gt;
  &lt;/organizationnamedetails&gt;&lt;/namedetails&gt;
  &lt;addressdetails&gt;ATTN: Dept 542&lt;thoroughfare&gt;3905 37th Street NW&lt;/thoroughfare&gt;
  &lt;locality&gt;Rochester, MN&lt;postalcode&gt;55901-6666&lt;/postalcode&gt;&lt;/locality&gt;
  &lt;country&gt;USA&lt;/country&gt;&lt;/addressdetails&gt;
  &lt;contactnumbers&gt;&lt;contactnumber type="telephone"&gt;800-555-1212&lt;/contactnumber&gt;
  &lt;contactnumber type="fax"&gt;800-555-1213&lt;/contactnumber&gt;&lt;/contactnumbers&gt;
  &lt;emailaddresses&gt;&lt;emailaddress&gt;phred@us.ibm.com&lt;/emailaddress&gt;&lt;/emailaddresses&gt;
  &lt;urls&gt;&lt;url&gt;http://w3-03.ibm.com/ids/page/636&lt;/url&gt;&lt;/urls&gt;
  &lt;/organizationinfo&gt;
 &lt;/authorinformation&gt;
 &lt;prodinfo&gt;
  &lt;prodname&gt;My Product&lt;/prodname&gt;
  &lt;vrmlist&gt;&lt;vrm release="Release 1" version="Version 3"/&gt;&lt;/vrmlist&gt;
 &lt;/prodinfo&gt;
 &lt;bookid&gt;&lt;bookpartno&gt;99F9999&lt;/bookpartno&gt;&lt;booknumber&gt;SC00-0000-00&lt;/booknumber&gt;
 &lt;maintainer href="#rcf"&gt;&lt;/maintainer&gt;&lt;/bookid&gt;
 &lt;bookrights&gt;&lt;copyrfirst&gt;&lt;year&gt;1996&lt;/year&gt;&lt;/copyrfirst&gt;&lt;copyrlast&gt;&lt;year&gt;2006&lt;/year&gt;
 &lt;/copyrlast&gt;&lt;bookowner&gt;&lt;organization&gt;IBM&lt;/organization&gt;&lt;/bookowner&gt;&lt;/bookrights&gt;
&lt;/bookmeta&gt;</codeblock></example>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/bookmeta-contains"
otherprops="contains"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/bookmeta-containedby"
otherprops="containedby"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/bookmeta-classvalue"
otherprops="classvalue"></section>
<section id="attrs"><title>Attributes</title> <simpletable id="bookmeta_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/lockmeta">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classonly"><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/></strow>
</simpletable> </section>
</refbody>
</reference>