<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="ditaval-revprop" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>revprop</title>
<shortdesc>Identifies a value in the rev attribute that should be flagged
in some manner. Unlike the other conditional processing attributes, which
can be used for both filtering and flagging, the rev attribute can only be
used for flagging. There can be at most one occurrence of a "revprop" element
for each attribute value specification (to avoid conflicting actions for the
same attribute value).</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>DITAVAL elements<indexterm>revprop</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><draft-comment>The default alternate text for revprop start of change
is "start of change". The default alternate text for revprop end of change
is "end of change". </draft-comment><ph id="default-text">The default alternate
text for revprop start of change is a localized translation of "Start of change".
The default alternate text for revprop end of change is a localized translation
of "End of change". </ph></section>
<section otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p><xref href="ditaval-startflag.dita">startflag</xref> (<i>optional</i>)
then <xref href="ditaval-endflag.dita">endflag</xref> (<i>optional</i>)</p></section>
<section otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained by</title><p><xref href="ditaval-val.dita">val</xref></p></section>
<section id="attrs"><title>Attributes</title> <simpletable id="abstract_attr"
relcolwidth="1* 3* 1* 1* 1*"><?Pub Caret?>
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry>val</stentry>
<stentry>The value to be acted upon. If the val attribute is absent, then
the revprop element declares a default behavior for any value in the rev attribute.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>no</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry>action</stentry>
<stentry>The action to be taken. The options are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>include</userinput></dt>
<dd>Include the content in output without flags. This is the default behavior
unless otherwise set.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>passthrough</userinput></dt>
<dd>Include the content in output, and preserve the attribute value as part
of the output stream for further processing by a runtime engine, for example
runtime filtering based on individual user settings. The value should be preserved
in whatever syntax is required by the target runtime. Values that are not
explicitly passed through should be removed from the output stream, even though
the content is still included.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>flag</userinput></dt>
<dd>Include and flag the content on output (if the content has not been excluded).</dd>
</dlentry></dl></stentry>
<stentry>(include | passthrough | flag)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry>changebar</stentry>
<stentry>When flag has been set, specify a changebar color, style, or character,
according to the changebar support of the target output format. If flag has
not been set this attribute is ignored.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>no</stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="ditaval-prop.dita#ditaval-prop/color">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="ditaval-prop.dita#ditaval-prop/backcolor">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="ditaval-prop.dita#ditaval-prop/style">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004039?>
