<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="ditaval-prop" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>prop</title>
<shortdesc>Identifies an attribute, and usually values in the attribute, to
take an action on. The attribute must be a conditional processing attribute:
platform, product, audience, props. and otheprops; or a specialization of
the props attribute. There can be at most one occurrence of a "prop" element
with no attribute specified (setting a default action for every prop element),
at most one for each attribute with  no value specified (setting the default
action for a specific attribute), and at most one with each attribute value
specification (to avoid conflicting actions for the same attribute value).</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>DITAVAL elements<indexterm>prop</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p><xref href="ditaval-startflag.dita">startflag</xref> (<i>optional</i>)
then <xref href="ditaval-endflag.dita">endflag</xref> (<i>optional</i>)</p></section>
<section otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained by</title><p><xref href="ditaval-val.dita">val</xref></p></section>
<section id="attrs"><title>Attributes</title> <simpletable id="abstract_attr"
relcolwidth="1* 3* 1* 1* 1*"><?Pub Caret?>
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry>att</stentry>
<stentry>The attribute to be acted upon. Must be one of props, audience, platform,
product, otherprops, or a specialization of props. If the att attribute
is absent, then the prop element declares a default behavior for any conditional
processing attribute.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>no</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry>val</stentry>
<stentry>The value to be acted upon. If the val attribute is absent, then
the prop element declares a default behavior for any value in the specified
attribute.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>no</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry>action</stentry>
<stentry>The action to be taken. The options are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>include</userinput></dt>
<dd>Include the content in output. This is the default behavior unless otherwise
set.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>exclude</userinput></dt>
<dd>Exclude the content from output (if all values in the particular attribute
are excluded).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>passthrough</userinput></dt>
<dd>Include the content in output, and preserve the attribute value as part
of the output stream for further processing by a runtime engine, for example
runtime filtering based on individual user settings. The value should be preserved
in whatever syntax is required by the target runtime. Values that are not
explicitly passed through should be removed from the output stream, even though
the content is still included.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><userinput>flag</userinput></dt>
<dd>Include and flag the content on output (if the content has not been excluded).</dd>
</dlentry></dl></stentry>
<stentry>(include | exclude | passthrough | flag)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="color">
<stentry>color</stentry>
<stentry>If flag has been set, the color to use to flag text. Colors may be
entered by name or code. Processor support is recommended for  the color names
listed in <xref href="http://www.w3.org/TR/2001/REC-xsl-20011015/slice5.html#section-N8794-Property-Datatypes"
scope="external"></xref> and for the 6 digit hex code form (#rrggbb, case
insensitive). If flag has not been set this attribute is ignored.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>no</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="backcolor">
<stentry>backcolor</stentry>
<stentry>If flag has been set, the color to use as background for flagged
text. Colors may be entered by name or code. Processor support is recommended
for  the color names listed in <xref href="http://www.w3.org/TR/2001/REC-xsl-20011015/slice5.html#section-N8794-Property-Datatypes"
scope="external"></xref> and for the 6 digit hex code form (#rrggbb, case
insensitive). If flag has not been set this attribute is ignored.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>no</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="style">
<stentry>style</stentry>
<stentry>If flag has been set, the text style to use for flagged text. The
following values are enumerated:<ul>
<li>underline</li>
<li>double-underline</li>
<li>italics</li>
<li>overline</li>
<li>bold</li>
</ul> If flag has not been set this attribute is ignored.</stentry>
<stentry>(underline | double-underline | italics | overline | bold)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>no</stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005066?>
