<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="topicref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>topicref</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt; element identifies a topic
(such as a concept, task, or reference) or other resource. A &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;
can contain other&lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt; elements, allowing you
to express navigation or table-of-contents hierarchies, as well as implying
relationships between the containing &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt; and
its children. You can set the collection-type of a container &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;
to determine how its children are related to each other. You can also express
relationships among &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;s using group and table
structures (using &lt;<keyword>topicgroup</keyword>&gt; and &lt;<keyword>reltable</keyword>&gt;).
Relationships end up expressed as links in the output (with each participant
in a relationship having links to the other participants by default). </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topicref</indexterm><?Pub Caret1?><indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>topicref</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>You can fine tune the output from your map by setting different
attributes on topicrefs: for example, the <i><keyword>linking</keyword></i> attribute
controls how its relationships to other topicrefs are expressed as links,
and the <i><keyword>toc</keyword></i> attribute controls whether the topicref
shows up in TOC or navigation output.</p></section>
<example><title>Example</title>In this example, there are six topicrefs. They
are nested and have a hierarchical relationship. Bats.dita is the parent topic
and the other topics are its children.<codeblock>&lt;map title="Bats"&gt;
 &lt;topicref href="bats.dita" type="topic"&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batcaring.dita" type="task"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batfeeding.dita" type="task"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batsonar.dita" type="concept"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batguano.dita" type="reference"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="bathistory.dita" type="reference"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
 &lt;/topicref&gt;
&lt;/map&gt;</codeblock></example>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/topicref-contains" otherprops="contains"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/topicref-containedby"
otherprops="containedby"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/topicref-classvalue" otherprops="classvalue"></section>
<section id="attrs"><title>Attributes</title> <simpletable id="topicref_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/navtitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/href-topicref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/query">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/copy-to">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classoutkey"><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/></strow>
</simpletable> </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004793?>
