<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="xref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>xref</title>
<shortdesc>Use the cross-reference (&lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>&gt;) element
to link to a different location within the current topic, or a different topic
within the same help system, or to external sources, such as Web pages, or
to a location in another topic. The <i><keyword>href</keyword></i> attribute
on the &lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>&gt; element provides the location of the
target.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>xref (cross reference)</indexterm><indexterm>cross reference
(xref)</indexterm><indexterm>Body elements<indexterm>xref (cross reference)</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords><?Pub Caret1?>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>Typically it is best to restrict yourself to linking to reference
topics where the content of the target is clear from the &lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>&gt;'s
text, for example API names and their descriptions. With other information
types, it may be less clear to the user whether they should follow the link,
and often they will, thereby missing important information in following paragraphs.
Therefore it is a good idea to use links at the end of the topic, in the &lt;<xref
href="related-links.dita">related-links</xref>&gt; element, wherever possible,
rather than linking from within body content using &lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>&gt;.
Links at the end of a topic can also be managed from outside the topic, using
DITA maps: this allows topics to be quickly integrated into new contexts without
breaking links.</p></section>
<example><title>Examples</title><p>Here's an example of a cross-reference
to another topic; that topic's title will be used as the link text.</p><codeblock>&lt;p&gt;Background information about DITA is provided in the topic titled
&lt;xref href="whatsdita.dita#tmmdita"&gt;&lt;/xref&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;</codeblock><p>Here's
an example of a cross-reference to another topic; the supplied text will be
used as the link text</p><codeblock>&lt;p&gt;&lt;xref href="whatsdita.dita#tmmdita"&gt;Background information about DITA&lt;/xref&gt; is provided
free of charge.&lt;/p&gt;</codeblock><p>If you are linking to anything within
a topic, you should use the following format in the href attribute: <codeblock>filename.xml#topicid/elementid</codeblock></p><p>If
you are linking within the same file, you can leave off the "filename.xml"
part. So, for a section with the ID "mysection", you should use: <codeblock>#topicid/mysection  </codeblock></p><p>For
a list item within that section, assuming the item has an ID of "mylist",
use <codeblock>#topicid/mylist  </codeblock></p><p>Regardless of how deeply
the target element is nested, the only important pieces are the ID of the
containing topic, and the ID of the target element. IDs of topics in DITA
must be unique within a file, but IDs of other elements only need to be unique
within the topic. You need to be sure that the topic ID is part of your reference.</p><p>If
your URL has an ampersand in it, you need to code that using a symbol. For
example; for this URL:<codeblock>http://www.ibm.com/docview.wss?rs=757&amp;context=SSVNX5
</codeblock>You need to enter the &amp;amp; in the Href attribute as follows:<codeblock>&lt;xref href="http://www.ibm.com/docview.wss?rs=757<b>&amp;amp;</b
>context=SSVNX5"&gt;
Part number SSVNX5&lt;/xref&gt;</codeblock></p></example>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/xref-contains" otherprops="contains"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/xref-containedby"
otherprops="containedby"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/xref-classvalue"
otherprops="classvalue"></section>
<section id="attrs"><title>Attributes</title> <simpletable id="xref_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/href-xref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/type">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/format">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/scope">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classoutkey"><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/></strow>
</simpletable> </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000005753?>
