<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2005, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="apiClassifier_module" outputclass="module" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>apiClassifier module</title>
<shortdesc>Defines a top-level container for the generic topic types such
as class, interface, typedef, or other named construct for typing values.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><title>Description</title>This element specifies a collection of
features, such as attributes, methods, values, and operations. <p>In the apiClassifier
topic type, you can create a <b>New Document Type</b> by clicking <menucascade>
<uicontrol>File</uicontrol><uicontrol>New</uicontrol></menucascade> from the
Epic Editor menu for creating and publishing API classifier documentation.</p></section>
<example><title>Example</title><p>The following example shows an &lt;apiClassifier>
element used for an Visual Basic interface:</p><codeblock><![CDATA[<apiClassifier id="rational.xde" outputclass="statement" platform="vb">
    <apiName>TestImplements</apiName>
    <shortdesc>Specifies one or more interfaces or interface members.</shortdesc>
    <apiClassifierDetail>
      <apiSyntax platform="vb">
        <apiSyntaxText>Implements <apiItemName>IRXEAbstraction</apiItemName> 
                          <apiItemName>TestImplements</apiItemName>[name, …]<apiRelation
        </apiSyntaxText>
        <apiSyntaxItem>
          <apiItemName>IRXEAbstraction</apiItemName>
          <apiDefNote>Required. An interface whose properties, methods, and events will be 
             implemented by corresponding members in the class or structure.</apiDefNote>
        </apiSyntaxItem>
        <apiSyntaxItem>
         <apiItemName>TestImplements</apiItemName>
           <apiDefNote>Required. The member of an interface that is being implemented.</apiDefNote>
        </apiSyntaxItem>
        <apiSyntaxItem id="nameParam">
           <apiItemName>name</apiItemName>
              <apiDefNote>The name for the created interface member.</apiDefNote>
        </apiSyntaxItem>
     </apiSyntax>
     <apiDesc>An interface is a collection of prototypes representing the members 
         (properties, methods and events) the interface encapsulates.</apiDesc>
</apiClassifier>]]></codeblock></example>
</refbody>
</reference>
