<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2004, v.4002--><?Pub Inc?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="apiEventClassifier" outputclass="element" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>apiEventClassifier</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;apiEventClassifier&gt; element identifies an event value that
is an instance of a classifier.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><title>Description</title>This element can provide an <b>href</b> attribute
if the description of the API item is available. If the description is not
available, the &lt;apiEventClassifier&gt; element can provide the name of the
API item in its contents. This element has the following added attributes: <b>href</b> <b>keyref</b>, <b>type</b>, <b>format</b>, <b>scope</b> (local
| peer | external), <b> outputclass</b>. <ul>
<li>If you use an <b>href</b> attribute to a DITA API topic that describe
the related API item, you do not need any other attrubutes.</li>
</ul><ul>
<li>If you supply an <b>href</b> to some other format (such as HTML), you
need to supply the name of the related API item inside the &lt;apiEventClassifier&gt;
element.</li>
</ul><ul>
<li>If you cannot provide an <b>href</b> (for instance, if the description
of the related API item might not be available), you must provide the name
of the related API item inside the &lt;apiEventClassifier&gt; element and the
fully qualified name of the element in the <b>keyref </b> attribute. The <b>keyref </b> attribute
should provide a unique key such as a fully qualified classifier name for
the named API item.</li>
</ul><p>For instance, in the Java API Specialization, the &lt;apiEventClassifier&gt;
element <?Pub Caret?>represents the javaExceptionClass or javaConstructorClass
for a class. </p></section>
<example> <title>Example</title><p>The following example shows a <keyword>&lt;apiEventClassifier&gt;&lt;/apiEventClassifier&gt;</keyword> element
for a Visual Basic 6.0 event:</p><codeblock>&lt;apiOperationDef&gt;
       &lt;ph&gt;The enumerated values for FileType are:&lt;/ph&gt;
       &lt;apiEventClassifier &gt;vbext_ft_Form&lt;/apiEventClassifier&gt;
       &lt;apiType name="vbext_ft_Form" value="0"&gt;
       &lt;apiDefNote&gt;File type is a form.&lt;apiDefNote&gt;
       &lt;apiEventClassifier&gt;vbext_ft_Module&lt;/apiEventClassifier&gt;
       &lt;apiType name="vbext_ft_Form" value="1"&gt;
       &lt;apiDefNote&gt;File type is a basic module.&lt;apiDefNote&gt;
       &lt;apiEventClassifier&gt;vbext_ft_Class&lt;/apiEventClassifier&gt;
       &lt;apiType name="vbext_ft_Form" value="2"&gt;
       &lt;apiDefNote&gt;File type is a class module.&lt;apiDefNote&gt;
       &lt;apiEventClassifier&gt;vbext_ft_Exe&lt;/apiEventClassifier&gt;
       &lt;apiType name="vbext_ft_Form" value="3"&gt;
       &lt;apiDefNote&gt;File type is an executable file.&lt;apiDefNote&gt;
			&lt;apiReturnClassifier&gt;None.&lt;/apiReturnClassifier&gt;
&lt;/apiOperationDef&gt;&gt;</codeblock></example>
<section conref="../packagedef.dita#apiEventClassifier-reference/apiEventClassifier-containedBy-section"/><section conref="../packagedef.dita#apiEventClassifier-reference/apiEventClassifier-contains-section"/><section conref="../packagedef.dita#apiEventClassifier-reference/apiEventClassifier-contentModel-section"/><section conref="../packagedef.dita#apiEventClassifier-reference/apiEventClassifier-attList-section"/><section conref="../packagedef.dita#apiEventClassifier-reference/apiEventClassifier-classValue-section"/></refbody>
</reference><?Pub *0000002878?>