<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2005, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="apiOperationClassifier" outputclass="element" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>apiOperationClassifier</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;apiOperationClassifier> element identifies a returned value
that is an instance of a classifier, for example, the class of the returned
object.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><title>Description</title>The &lt;apiOperationClassifier> is not
restricted to the type of return values; it can be the type of a parameter
or event. It is a return value only when it appears within &lt;apiReturn>.
This element can provide an <i>href</i> attribute if the description of the
API item is available. If the description is not available, the &lt;apiOperationClassifier>
element can provide the name of the API item in its contents. <ul>
<li>If you use an <i>href</i> attribute to a DITA API topic that describes
the related API item, you do not need any other attributes.</li>
</ul><ul>
<li>If you provide an <i>href</i> attribute to some other format (such as
HTML), you need to provide the name of the related API item inside the &lt;apiOperationClassifier>
element.</li>
</ul><ul>
<li>If you cannot provide an <i>href</i> attribute (for instance, if the description
of the related API item might not be available), you must provide the name
of the related API item inside the &lt;apiOperationClassifier> element and
the fully qualified name of the element in the<i> keyref</i> attribute. The <i>keyref</i> attribute
must provide a unique key such as a fully qualified classifier name for the
named API item.</li>
</ul> </section>
<example><title>Example</title><p>The following example shows an &lt;apiOperationClassifier>
item for a Visual Basic method:<?Pub Caret?>  </p><codeblock>&lt;apiOperation id="rational.xde.getApplicableStereotypesAsString">
   &lt;apiName>getApplicableStereotypesAsString&lt;/apiName>
   &lt;shortDesc>Returns a string that specifies the stereotype associated with the element.&lt;/shortDesc>
   &lt;apiOperationDetail>
     &lt;apiOperationDef>
      &lt;apiImpl>Method&lt;/apiImpl>
          &lt;apiType name="type" value="Function"/>
          &lt;apiQualifier name="access" value="public"/>
          &lt;apiOperationClassifier href=”String.dita”>String&lt;/apiOperationClassifier>
          &lt;apiDefNote>Returns a string that specifies the stereotypes.&lt;/apiDefNote>
      &lt;/apiOperationDef>
      &lt;apiDesc>This property searches all the profiles in the model.&lt;/apiDesc>
    &lt;/apiOperationDetail>
 &lt;/apiOperation></codeblock></example>
<section conref="../packagedef.dita#apiOperationClassifier-reference/apiOperationClassifier-containedBy-section"></section>
<section conref="../packagedef.dita#apiOperationClassifier-reference/apiOperationClassifier-contains-section"></section>
<section conref="../packagedef.dita#apiOperationClassifier-reference/apiOperationClassifier-contentModel-section"></section>
<section conref="../packagedef.dita#apiOperationClassifier-reference/apiOperationClassifier-attList-section"></section>
<section conref="../packagedef.dita#apiOperationClassifier-reference/apiOperationClassifier-classValue-section"></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003339?>
