<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE songCollection
  PUBLIC "-//RDA//DTD DITA Song Reference//EN" "../../dtd/songCollection.dtd">
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
     Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file in the
     main toolkit package for applicable licenses.-->
<!-- Copyright IBM Corporation 2010. All Rights Reserved. -->
<!-- Originally created Oct. 2009 by Robert D. Anderson -->
<songCollection id="a17443"><title>Gogol Bordello</title><songBody><songList><songRow><song>Movement One (Songs of Immigration in Voi-La Minor): Sacred Darling</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Movement One (Songs of Immigration in Voi-La Minor): Voi-La Intruder</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Movement One (Songs of Immigration in Voi-La Minor): Greencard Husband</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Movement One (Songs of Immigration in Voi-La Minor): Passport</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Movement One (Songs of Immigration in Voi-La Minor): Start Wearing Purple</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre><rating>5</rating></songRow><songRow><song>Movement One (Songs of Immigration in Voi-La Minor): Shy Kind of Guy</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Movement One (Songs of Immigration in Voi-La Minor): Mussolini vs Stali</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Movement One (Songs of Immigration in Voi-La Minor): Letter to Mother</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Movement One (Songs of Immigration in Voi-La Minor): God-Like</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Movement One (Songs of Immigration in Voi-La Minor): Nomadic Chronicle</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Movement Two (Optzay Pertruder): Letter to Castro (Costumes for Tonight</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Movement Two (Optzay Pertruder): Invisible Zedo</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre><rating>5</rating></songRow><songRow><song>Movement Two (Optzay Pertruder): Sex Spider</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Movement Two (Optzay Pertruder): No Threat</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Movement Two (Optzay Pertruder): Against the Nature</song><album>Voi-La Intruder</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock/Pop</genre></songRow><songRow><song>When the Trickster Starts A-Poking [Bordello Kind of Guy]</song><album>Multi Kontra Culti Vs. Irony</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre><rating>5</rating></songRow><songRow><song>Ocurrence on the Border [Hopping on a Pogo-Gypsy Stick]</song><album>Multi Kontra Culti Vs. Irony</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Haltura</song><album>Multi Kontra Culti Vs. Irony</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Let's Get Radical</song><album>Multi Kontra Culti Vs. Irony</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre><rating>5</rating></songRow><songRow><song>Smarkatch</song><album>Multi Kontra Culti Vs. Irony</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Future Kings</song><album>Multi Kontra Culti Vs. Irony</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Punk Rock Parranda</song><album>Multi Kontra Culti Vs. Irony</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Through the Roof 'n' Underground</song><album>Multi Kontra Culti Vs. Irony</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Baro Foro</song><album>Multi Kontra Culti Vs. Irony</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Hats Off to Kolpakoff</song><album>Multi Kontra Culti Vs. Irony</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Huliganjetta</song><album>Multi Kontra Culti Vs. Irony</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Sally</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre><rating>4</rating></songRow><songRow><song>I Would Never Wanna Be Young Again</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Not a Crime</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Immigrant Punk</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>60 Revolutions</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Avenue B</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Dogs Were Barking</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Oh No</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Start Wearing Purple</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Think Locally, Fuck Globally</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Underdog World Strike</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Illumination</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Santa Marinella</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Undestructable</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Mishto</song><album>Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>I Would Never Want To Be Young Again</song><album>The Rough Guide To Planet Rock</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>World</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Ultimate</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre><rating>5</rating></songRow><songRow><song>Wonderlust King</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre><rating>5</rating></songRow><songRow><song>Zina-Marina</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Supertheory Of Supereverything</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Harem In Tuscany (Taranta)</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Dub The Frequencies Of Love</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>My Strange Uncles From Abroad</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Tribal Connection</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Forces Of Victory</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Alcohol</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Suddenly... (I Miss Carpaty)</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Your Country</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>American Wedding</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Super Taranta!</song><album>Super Taranta!</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Alternative &amp; Punk</genre></songRow><songRow><song>East Infection</song><album>East Infection</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre><rating>4</rating></songRow><songRow><song>Ave. B</song><album>East Infection</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Mala Vida</song><album>East Infection</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre><rating>5</rating></songRow><songRow><song>Copycat</song><album>East Infection</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre></songRow><songRow><song>Strange Uncles From Abroad</song><album>East Infection</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre></songRow><songRow><song>madagascar - Roumania (Tu Jesty Fata)</song><album>East Infection</album><artist>Gogol Bordello</artist><genre>Rock</genre></songRow></songList></songBody></songCollection>