<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="addext" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding external references</title>
<shortdesc>You can create references to external topics or documents, outside
your information set, by setting the <i>scope</i> attribute to "external".</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topic references<indexterm>external</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>external topic references</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>Use external references to incorporate links to external content
into your topics. Generally speaking, you should hide external references
from your navigation output, since the target will be opened in the content
frame and wrongly appear to be part of your information set. External references
are most useful for managing links you want to add to your content.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Add a &lt;topicref> element to your map.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Set the <i>href</i> attribute to the target's URL.</cmd><info>External
references typically use absolute paths.</info><stepxmp>For example, <codeph>&lt;topicref
href="http://www.ibm.com"/>.</codeph></stepxmp></step>
<step><cmd>Hide the reference from the navigation output by setting toc="no".</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set scope="external".</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Set the <i>type</i> attribute to the information type of the target.</cmd>
<info>If the target doesn't have a clear information type, set it to topic.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Add a &lt;topicmeta> element to the reference.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the &lt;topicmeta> element, define the &lt;linktext> and &lt;shortdesc>.</cmd>
<info>If you leave out the &lt;linktext> element, the contents of the <i>href</i> attribute
will be used instead.</info></step>
</steps>
<result>You now have an external reference that will affect linking but not
navigation files. Links will be added to other, local, topic references related
to it by the current hierarchy or relationship table. The links that get added
will use the link text and short description you specified, and open in a
new window, to make it clear that the target is not part of the same information
set.</result>
<example><title>Example</title><codeblock>&lt;topicref href="http://www.ibm.com" scope="external">
  &lt;topicmeta>
    &lt;linktext>IBM Web Site&lt;/linktext>
    &lt;shortdesc>The main corporate Web site for IBM.&lt;/shortdesc>
  &lt;/topicmeta>
&lt;/topicref></codeblock></example>
<postreq>Typically you will not want to use external references as containers
for other references, since the output processes cannot add the links to children
that a container topic normally has.</postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
