<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="addpeer" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding peer references</title>
<shortdesc>You can create references that are within your information set
but not available at build time by setting scope="peer".</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topic references<indexterm>peer</indexterm><indexterm>cross-component</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>peer topic references</indexterm><indexterm>cross-component topic
references</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>Use peer references when you are authoring a single component of
a larger information set, and you want to include cross-component links without
copying over all the source files for the other components. Since peer references
won't result in updates to the target topic, if you want to add two-way links
between your topics and the target topics you will have to ask the authors
of the target topics to create equivalent relationships in their maps.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Add a &lt;topicref> element to your map.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Set the <i>href</i> attribute to the target's location.</cmd><info>Typically
peer topics, because they are in a different component, will be relative paths,
but not to a file contained by the map's directory. In other words, they will
start with ../, to back out of the current component's directory before providing
the other component's directory and the path of the file in that component.</info>
<stepxmp>For example, <codeph>&lt;topicref href="../another.component/concepts/aboutthat.dita"/></codeph></stepxmp>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set scope="peer".</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Add a navigation title in the <i>navtitle</i> attribute.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set the <i>type</i> attribute to the information type of the target.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Add a &lt;topicmeta> element to the reference.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the &lt;topicmeta> element, define the &lt;linktext> and &lt;shortdesc>.</cmd>
<info>If you leave out the &lt;linktext> element, the contents of the <i>navtitle</i> attribute
will be used instead.</info></step>
</steps>
<result>You now have a peer reference that will be included in your navigation
and linking just as if it were part of your component. However, it will not
be processed or copied to the output directory, since it is not part of the
content directly managed by the map.</result>
<example><title>Example</title><codeblock>&lt;topicref href="../another.component/concepts/aboutthat.dita" scope="peer">
  &lt;topicmeta>
    &lt;linktext>About that&lt;/linktext>
    &lt;shortdesc>That is something we could say quite a bit about.&lt;/shortdesc>
  &lt;/topicmeta>
&lt;/topicref></codeblock></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
