<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="addsimp" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding simple references</title>
<shortdesc>Simple topic references are to DITA topics in the same information
set. They are available at build time, and so you can keep the reference simple
and let the output process retrieve more information from the target.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topic references<indexterm>simple</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>simple topic references</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>When you build based on the map, the reference will be included in
the output navigation, and the target topic will be published in whatever
the output format is, with links to and from the target topic added based
on the topic's location.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Add a &lt;topicref> element to the map.</cmd><info>You can nest
&lt;topicref> elements inside other &lt;topicref>s to create a hierarchy,
or add &lt;topicref>s to relationship table cells to create a relationship.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Set the <i>href</i> attribute to point to the target topic.</cmd>
<info>The syntax for the <i>href</i> is the same as in HTML, with the <i>id</i> of
the topic as a destination inside the file. If you omit the ID, the reference
will resolve to the first topic in the target file.</info><stepxmp>For example, <codeph>&lt;topicref
href="concepts/aboutmaps.dita#mapdef"/></codeph>.</stepxmp><info>The target
must be contained by the same directory as the map. If you want to manage
links to peer directories, or external topics, use the <i>scope</i> attribute
to define a peer or external reference.</info></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Provide a title for navigation purposes in
the <i>navtitle</i> attribute</cmd><info> The <i>navtitle</i> is optional
for local DITA references, since the text can be derived from the target.
In fact, even when you provide a <i>navtitle</i>, it will be refreshed from
the target during output processing unless you set lockmeta="yes".</info>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Add a &lt;topicmeta> element to hold index
entries, metadata, and overrides for the title and short description used
in generated links.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result>You now have a topic reference that will be used to include the target
topic in the output, with links added to related topics in the same hierarchy
or relationship table.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
