<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="conreftopic" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Reusing parts of topics</title>
<shortdesc>You can reuse topics or parts of topics with <i>conref</i> (content
referencing).</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>reuse<indexterm>of parts of topics</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>conref in topics</indexterm><indexterm>topics<indexterm>reuse between</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>symbols using conref</indexterm><indexterm>conref for symbols</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can reuse the content of an element from another element,
in the same topic or a different topic. The reusing element must be the same
type as the reused element. For example, you cannot <i>conref</i> directly
from a &lt;context> element to a &lt;shortdesc> element, but you can create &lt;p>
(paragraph) elements in both, and then use one from the other.</p><p rev="dita13">The &lt;keyword>
element can be used in many locations as a way to do phrase-level reuse. Always
use the proper markup for the proper type of text; such as &lt;term> for an
inline term description or &lt;cmdname> for a command name. But, when no specific
type is available, use the generic &lt;keyword> element to contain your reusable
phrase. Ensure your phrases contain only noun strings; if you mix nouns and
verbs in the same phrase, the translation of that information will be <b>very</b> difficult.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Identify the element you want to reuse.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Add an <i>id</i> attribute to the element, or, if the element is
a topic owned by another author, ask the author to do so.</cmd><stepxmp>For
example:<codeblock>&lt;p id="foobardefined">...&lt;/p></codeblock> </stepxmp>
</step>
<step><cmd>Create an equivalent element without unnecessary attributes or
children in your own content.</cmd><info>If the element has required attributes,
give them the same values as the target's attributes. If the element has required
children, add them but leave them empty. They are necessary to make your topic
valid in the meantime, but will be ignored at processing time in favor of
the target's content.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Add a <i>conref</i> attribute that points to the other element's
file name, container topic id, and element id.</cmd><stepxmp>For example:<codeblock>&lt;p conref="../reuse/definitions.dita#fdefs/foobardefined"/></codeblock
></stepxmp></step>
<step><cmd>Publish your output normally, for example from a map or maplist
that includes your topic.</cmd><info>The map you use does not need to track
files that are being referenced by conref, unless they need to be processed
separately as well as for their reused content.</info></step>
</steps>
<result>The target element (which has an <i>id</i> attribute) and its children
replace the referencing element (which has a <i>conref</i> attribute) and
are processed in place.</result>
<example><p>Here is an example of using a keyword for phrase-level reuse.
A document named <filepath>commonterms.dita</filepath> contains several phrases
and product names:<codeblock>&lt;topic id="commonterms">
 &lt;title>common terms&lt;/title>
 &lt;body>
  &lt;ul>
   &lt;li>&lt;keyword id="backrest">LazyDude Sloucher Backrest&lt;/keyword>&lt;/li>
   &lt;li>&lt;keyword id="walprint">MalWart Printer&lt;/keyword>&lt;/li>
  &lt;/ul>
 &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic></codeblock></p><p>When you want to use a phrase inline:<codeblock>&lt;p>Come and experience the comfort of 
the &lt;keyword conref="commonterms.dita#commonterms/backrest">&lt;/keyword>.&lt;/p></codeblock></p></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
