<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="createref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating reference topics</title>
<shortdesc>Provide reference topics that describe the details of product interfaces,
like command-line utilities, configuration options, file formats, and APIs.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>reference topics<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>creating reference topics</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>Before you start writing reference topics, you should have a reference
hierarchy that defines the main areas that require detailed documentation.</p><p>If
there are multiple reference topics of the same general type, you should use
whatever guidelines apply for their content (for example, syntax followed
by properties). If no guidelines exist, consider creating some, to ensure
that the content is created consistently.</p></prereq>
<context><p>Reference information provides quick access to facts, but no explanation
of concepts or procedures. Assume that users already understand the base technology.</p><p>When
a reference topic has regular subheadings (like "Usage" and "Properties")
use section-level elements like &lt;section> and &lt;properties>. When it
has a longer list of subheadings with unique titles (for example, documenting
different parameters of a command), consider using nested reference topics
instead. You can add links from the parent topic to its children with role="child"
to auto-generate a summary of the children, or you can define the relationship
externally in a map.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Open a new reference topic document.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Provide a title for the reference topic.</cmd><info>Titles of reference
files should begin with the name, followed by its abbreviation (if any), followed
by the category of object. Do not start with the definite article (<i>the</i>).
 </info></step>
<step><cmd>Provide an ID for the reference topic.</cmd><info>The ID must start
with a letter and contain only letters and numbers.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Save the file and give it a name.</cmd><stepxmp>Reference topics
are often stored in a \ref subdirectory. Some conventions suggest starting
the file name with an "r" for reference, to ensure that you don't end up with
a concept and reference topic with the same filename in separate directories.</stepxmp>
</step>
<step><cmd>Provide a short description for the reference topic.</cmd><info>This
should provide a brief explanation or introduction to the topic, suitable
for reuse in a summary table.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Fill in the content following whatever guidelines apply for the
type of information.</cmd><info>A typical order would be &lt;refsyn> (syntax
or signature), then a usage &lt;section>, then a description of properties
or parameters in &lt;properties>, and finally an &lt;example>.</info></step>
<step><cmd>If you are creating child reference topics, create links to them
from the parent with role="child", in a related-links section after the body.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>After the related links, add any nested reference topics.</cmd>
<info>For example, the reference topic for a command might have child reference
topics for its parameters; the reference topic for a class might have child
reference topics for its methods and attributes.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Save the reference topic, and make sure that any map references
to it use the appropriate path and file name.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result>You now have a reference topic that can be included in maps and built
into help sets, Web sites, and PDFs.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
