<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="createcon" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating concept topics</title>
<shortdesc>Provide concept topics that give background for tasks, and that
describe the underlying model behind a product's design.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>concepts<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>creating
concepts</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>Before you starting writing concepts, you should have a concept hierarchy
derived from an analysis of user scenarios and tasks, as well as from product
design documents.</prereq>
<context>Concepts should not be just a list of features for a product: they
should help users determine how their use model maps to the product's design
model, and provide the background material they require to perform tasks.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Open a new concept document.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Provide a title for the concept.</cmd><info>Concept titles should
be a noun or noun phrase, and use generic terms that will make sense to new
users, rather than using product-specific terminology.</info><stepxmp>For
example, use "Remote debugging", not "CICON".</stepxmp></step>
<step><cmd>Provide an ID for the concept.</cmd><info>The ID must start with
a letter and contain only letters and numbers.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Save the file and give it a name.</cmd><stepxmp>Concepts are often
stored in a \concepts subdirectory. Some conventions suggest starting the
file name with a "c" for concept, to ensure that you don't end up with a concept
and task with the same filename in separate directories.</stepxmp></step>
<step><cmd>Provide a short description for the concept.</cmd><info>This could
provide a brief definition of the subject. Consider putting the definition
in a &lt;ph> element, so that it can be reused in a glossary.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Describe the concept in the &lt;conbody>.</cmd><info>You can use
sections when necessary, but make sure you are not using sections to document
what should be additional concepts. Drawings or diagrams are often helpful
in concepts.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Save the concept, and make sure that any map references to it use
the appropriate path and file name.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result>You now have a concept that can be included in maps and built into
help sets, Web sites, and PDFs.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
