<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="creconmap" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating concept hierarchies</title>
<shortdesc>Determine which concepts are needed to support your tasks.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>creating concept hierarchies</indexterm><indexterm>concept
hierarchies<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context>Use the scenarios and tasks identified during development of your
task hierarchy to help you identify background concepts that could be needed
by users following a task.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Create a DITA map file.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Within the map file, create &lt;topicref>s for the concepts implied
by the nouns in your task list and in background information in the scenarios.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Eliminate ones that would be familiar to your audience or can be
adequately covered in the glossary.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Organize them into higher-level and lower-level concepts.</cmd>
<info><p>This should result in a conceptual hierarchy that the user can review
in itself, to make sense of the product's model of the problem domain. Typically
you won't want to nest too deeply, since the hierarchy will often be presented
in a fairly narrow navigation pane. Also don't create parents with only one
child. When necessary, create peer entries with a common qualifying noun,
instead of nesting.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Within the conceptual hierarchy, identify which sets of concepts
are so closely related they should be read together.</cmd><info>Set collection-type="family"
on a parent concept to make its child concepts link to each other.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Add an <i>href</i> attribute to each &lt;topicref> to point to
the equivalent concept topic.</cmd><info>You can use the map as a to-do list
to develop new concepts, and as a way to validate that existing concepts have
a place in the conceptual hierarchy of the product and are not misnamed, mistyped,
or inappropriate.</info></step>
</steps>
<result>You now have a map that can be used to generate concept navigation
for your information set, and add concept-related links among your topics.
Parent concepts and child concepts will link to each other, and concepts in
a family will link to each other. On output, the links will be sorted by role
and type.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
