<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="crelink" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating related links</title>
<shortdesc>Add related links after the body of a topic, in its related-links
section.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>related links<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>creating related links</indexterm><indexterm>link element</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>After the body of the topic, insert a &lt;related-links> element.</cmd>
<stepxmp>For example, in a task, insert after the &lt;taskbody> element.</stepxmp>
</step>
<step><cmd>Within the &lt;related-links> element, add a &lt;link> element.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Provide the appropriate attributes and elements, based on the location
of the target:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>If the target is in another component and not available to the build
process, set scope="peer", add &lt;linktext> and &lt;desc> elements within
the link, and set the type attribute. For example, <codeph>&lt;link href="../../anothercomp/tasks/theirtask.dita"
scope="peer" type="task">&lt;linktext>Doing something&lt;/linktext>&lt;desc>This
is something you do.&lt;/desc&lt;/link></codeph></choice>
<choice>If the target is external, like a Web site, set scope="external",
add &lt;linktext> or omit it to just use the <i>href</i>, add a &lt;desc>,
and add a type if one applies. For example, <codeph>&lt;link href="http://www.ibm.com"
scope="external">&lt;desc>IBM's Web site&lt;/desc>&lt;/link></codeph>.</choice>
<choice>If the target is in the same component and available to the build
process, specify only the <i>href</i> attribute: everything else can be retrieved
from the target. For example, <codeph>&lt;link href="../tasks/mytask.dita"/></codeph>.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Set the role of the link.</cmd><stepxmp>For
example, if the target is a child topic, set role="child".</stepxmp><info>If
you don't set a role, the target will be sorted based only on importance and
type.</info></step>
<step><cmd>If the target is a prerequisite for the current topic, set importance="required".</cmd>
<info>The importance attribute will be ignored if the role attribute means
it isn't a prerequisite</info><stepxmp>For example, a child link can't be
a prerequisite for its parent, but a previous link can be.</stepxmp></step>
<step><cmd>If the target is non-DITA content, provide the &lt;linktext>, &lt;desc>, <i>type</i> and <i>format</i>.</cmd>
<stepxmp>For example:<codeblock>&lt;link href="../samples/simplecase.zip" format="zip" type="reference">
&lt;linktext>Sample: Simple case&lt;/linktext>
&lt;desc>Provides a sample of the simple case.&lt;/desc>&lt;/link></codeblock></stepxmp>
</step>
</steps>
<result>On output, the link will be sorted based on <i>role</i>, <i>type</i>,
and <i>importance</i>. In PDF output, links with hierarchical roles (like
child, parent, next, previous, and sibling) will be ignored.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
