<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="cremaplist" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating map lists</title>
<shortdesc>Use map lists to build multiple sets of maps at once. This lets
you create smaller, more manageable maps, for example factored by audience
or information type, yet still produce output with all the necessary related
links and navigation.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>maplists</indexterm><indexterm>maps<indexterm>lists of</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Open Windows Explorer to the directory that contains your maps.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Right-click in the right-hand pane and select <menucascade><uicontrol>New</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>DITA Map List</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Provide a name for the new map list.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Double-click on the map list file to open it.</cmd><stepresult>The
map list editor has two separate lists for maps you want to use for navigation
and maps you want to use for linking.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> to select the maps you want to
use for each purpose.</cmd><info>If you want a map to behave the same as it
would if built directly (generating both navigation and links), you will need
to add it to both lists.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Save and close the map list.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Right-click the map list and select <uicontrol>Work with ID Workbench</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select the profile for the kind of output you want, or create a
new profile.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Run</uicontrol> to produce output based on the
selected profile.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result>In PDF or HTMLHelp output, you will get a single file with the contents
organized based on the sequence of the navigation maps. In Eclipse output,
you will get navigation files generated from the navigation maps, but you
will need to set the sequence of the navigation files either in a plugin.xml
file or another navigation file that references the generated ones.</result>
</taskbody>
</task>
