<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="flagcontent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Flagging content</title>
<shortdesc>You can choose to flag content based on metadata. By default, no
content is flagged.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>metadata attributes<indexterm>flagging on</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>flagging content</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq>You should define a common set of images, and common
alternative text for them, so that you can flag content consistently across
your information set. Generally speaking flagging is supported for block-level
elements such as paragraphs, rather than for phrase-level elements within
a paragraph. This ensures that the images flagging the content are easily
scanned by the reader, instead of buried in text.</prereq>
<context><p>Here is a link to the Graphics Repository which houses the graphics
to use for flagging content: <xref format="html" href="http://labweb.torolab.ibm.com/reference/Graphics_Repository/index.html"
scope="external"></xref></p><p>At least one value in at least one attribute
must be set to flag for the element to be flagged.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Create a DITA Filter file:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Open the directory you want to add the file to in Windows Explorer.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Right-click and select <menucascade><uicontrol>New</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>DITA Filter File</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Give the file a descriptive name, like "audience-flag-build.ditaval".</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Open the file.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Define the property you want to flag:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the attribute you want to flag based on.</cmd><stepxmp>For
example, "audience".</stepxmp></substep>
<substep><cmd>Type the value you want to flag.</cmd><stepxmp>For example,
"programmer".</stepxmp></substep>
<substep><cmd>Point to the image you want to use to flag the content.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Type the alternate text for the image that will be used by screen
readers.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>When you publish output for the topic or map, specify the filter
file you want to use on the Transform page of the output options.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result>Content is flagged when any of the flagged values appears in any of
the attributes. When flagged values are found in a map, links that are generated
from affected topicrefs will be flagged on output.</result>
<example><title>Examples</title><dl><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;p audience="admin programmer"></dt>
<dd><p>When admin is set to flag, the paragraph will be preceded by the image
you specified for admin.</p><p>When both values are set to flag, both images
will appear before the paragraph.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>&lt;topicref platform="linux" href="abc.dita"></dt>
<dd>When linux is set to flag, any links to abc.dita derived from this topic
reference will be flagged with the image you specified. In addition, any links
derived from child topicrefs will also be flagged: metadata attributes are
inherited.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
