<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="owlinks" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating one-way links</title>
<shortdesc>When you have a topic that is receiving too many links or is causing
too many links, you can prevent it from being a source or a target by setting
linking="sourceonly" or linking="targetonly".</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>one-way links, creating</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><p>You can add targetonly &lt;topicref>s to hierarchies or relationship
tables when the topic in question appears in a lot of different places in
the map, and would by default get an overwhelming number of links. For example,
a common concept may be background for a lot of different tasks, but the concept
doesn't need to link back to all of them directly. Within a relationship table,
you can choose to set a concept or reference column default to linking="targetonly",
if this is the most common case for the column. You can still override to
return to normal linking for particular &lt;topicref>s.</p><p>You can add
sourceonly &lt;topicref>s when the topic in question needs to get links from
a relationship but should not affect the links of other topics in the relationship.</p></context>
<example><title>Example: A common concept with targetonly linking</title><p>This
relationship table shows the relationship between tasks and concepts for working
with testcases. The bold &lt;topicref>s have linking="targetonly".</p><table
frame="all">
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/><colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*"/>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><lines>Testcases</lines></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Adding testcases</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><b>Testcases</b></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Adding simple testcases</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><lines><b>Testcases</b>
HTTP interactions</lines></entry>
<entry colname="col2"><lines>Adding HTTP testcases</lines></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><lines><b>Testcases</b>
Java applications</lines></entry>
<entry colname="col2">Adding Java testcases</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table><p>The "Testcases" concept is background for several different tasks.
While the tasks need to link to the concept for background, the concept doesn't
need to link to all the tasks separately, since in the first row it links
to the overview task that in turn links to the others. Linking to overview
topics, rather than linking to all tasks directly, is a good way to reduce
the overall number of links and make relationships easier for readers to understand.</p><p>On
output, the following topics will link to "Testcases":<ul>
<li>Adding testcases</li>
<li>Adding simple testcases</li>
<li>Adding HTTP testcases</li>
<li>Adding Java testcases</li>
</ul>But "Testcases" will only link to "Adding testcases", which is an overview
task we can expect will in turn link to the others.</p></example>
</taskbody>
</task>
