<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "..\dtd\task.dtd">
<task id="showrev" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Showing revisions</title>
<shortdesc>You can show the revision information for your content. All revision
information is hidden by default.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>metadata attributes<indexterm>showing revisions</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>revisions<indexterm>showing</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>showing
revisions</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Create a DITA Filter file:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Open the directory you want to add the file to in Windows Explorer.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>Right-click and select <menucascade><uicontrol>New</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>DITA Filter File</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Give the file a descriptive name, like <filepath>revs1-3-build.ditaval</filepath>.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Open the filter file.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Turn to the <wintitle>Revisions</wintitle> page.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Define the revision you want to show:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Click <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Type the name of the revision you want to show.</cmd><stepxmp>For
example, <userinput>rev1</userinput>.</stepxmp></substep>
<substep><cmd>Provide the date of the revision, or the date it started or
ended.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Define how the revision will be flagged in XHTML: either with
color, or with images.</cmd><info>Generally you should use images rather than
color to ensure that your output is flagged consistently and accessibly. Color
only works for flagging phrase-level information, and may not be distinguishable
to color-blind readers, on monochrome displays, or once an online page is
printed.</info></substep>
<substep><cmd>Define what character to use when flagging the revision in PDF.</cmd>
<info>The character will be used in a revision bar in the margin of the page
next to the revised content.</info></substep>
</substeps>
<info>You need to define a separate property for each revision you want to
show. For example, if you wanted to show three revisions, you would need to
define each separately, including different colors and revision bar characters.</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>When you publish output for the topic or map, specify the filter
file you want to use on the Transform page of the output options.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
