<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="pdfdefault" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>PDF output pipeline</title>
<shortdesc>The PDF process (formerly known as PDF2) runs the preprocess
routine, followed by a series of additional targets. These steps work
together to create a merged set of content, convert that to XSL-FO,
and then format the FO file to PDF.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><p>The PDF process adds many new Ant targets. During a typical
conversion from map to PDF, the following targets are most significant.</p><ul>
<li><codeph>map2pdf2</codeph> creates a merged file by calling a common
Java merge module. It then calls <codeph>publish.map.pdf</codeph> to
do the remainder of the work.</li>
<li>The <codeph>publish.map.pdf</codeph> target does some initialization,
and then calls <codeph>transform.topic2pdf</codeph> to do the remainder
of processing. That target runs all of the following steps.<ul>
<li><codeph>transform.topic2fo</codeph> is used to convert the merged
file to an XSL-FO file. This process is composed of several Ant targets.<ul>
<li><codeph>transform.topic2fo.index</codeph> runs a Java process
to set up index processing, based on the document language. This step
generates the file <filepath>stage1.xml</filepath> in the temporary
processing directory.</li>
<li><codeph>transform.topic2fo.flagging</codeph> sets up preprocessing
for flagging based on a DITAVAL file. This step generates the file <filepath>stage1a.xml</filepath> in
the temporary processing directory.</li>
<li><codeph>transform.topic2fo.main</codeph> does the bulk of the
conversion from DITA to XSL-FO. It runs the XSLT based process that
creates <filepath>stage2.fo</filepath> in the temporary processing
directory.</li>
<li><codeph>transform.topic2fo.i18n</codeph> does additional localization
processing on the FO file; it runs a Java process that converts <filepath>stage2.fo</filepath> into <filepath>stage3.fo</filepath>,
followed by an XSLT process that converts <filepath>stage3.fo</filepath> into <filepath>topic.fo</filepath>.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><codeph>transform.fo2pdf</codeph> converts the <filepath>topic.fo</filepath> file
into PDF using the available FO processor (Antenna House, XEP, or
Apache FOP).</li>
<li><codeph>delete.fo2pdf.topic.fo</codeph> deletes the <filepath>topic.fo</filepath> file,
unless otherwise specified by setting an Ant property or command line
option.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
