<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="plugin-javalib" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding Java libraries to the classpath</title>
<shortdesc>If your Ant or XSLT extensions require additional Java
libraries in the classpath, you can add them to the global DITA-OT
classpath with the following feature.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section>       <dl><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>dita.conductor.lib.import</codeph></dt>
<dd>Add Java libraries to DITA-OT classpath.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>       </section>
<example><title>Example</title><p>The following plug-in adds the compiled
Java code from <filepath>myJavaLibrary.jar</filepath> into the global
DITA-OT classpath. XSLT or Ant code can then make use of the added
code.</p><codeblock>&lt;plugin id="com.example.addjar">
  &lt;feature extension="dita.conductor.lib.import" file="myJavaLibrary.jar"/>
&lt;/plugin></codeblock><p>Now assume that in this case myJavaLibrary.jar
performs some validation step in the middle of processing, and you
always want it to run immediately before the conref step. In that
case you need to make use of several features in this plug-in</p><ul>
<li>The JAR file must be added to the classpath.</li>
<li>An Ant target must be created that uses this class, and the Ant
wrapper integrated into the code.</li>
<li>The Ant target must be added to the dependency chain for conref.</li>
</ul><p>In this extended example, the files might look something like
this.</p><codeblock>plugin.xml:
&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;plugin id="com.example.samplejava">
  &lt;!-- Add the JAR file to the DITA-OT CLASSPATH -->
  <b>&lt;feature extension="dita.conductor.lib.import" file="com.example.sampleValidation.jar"/></b>
  &lt;!-- Integrate the Ant code -->
  &lt;feature extension="dita.conductor.target.relative" file="antWrapper.xml"/>
  &lt;!-- Define the Ant target that is called, and the location (before conref) -->
  &lt;feature extension="depend.preprocess.conref.pre" value="validateWithJava"/>
&lt;/plugin>

antWrapper.xml imports the new Ant code:
&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;dummy>
  &lt;import file="calljava-antcode.xml"/>
&lt;/dummy>

calljava-antcode.xml:
&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
&lt;project default="validateWithJava">
  &lt;target name="validateWithJava">
    &lt;java classname="com.example.sampleValidation">
      &lt;!-- The class was added to dost.class.path (the DITA-OT classpath) -->
      &lt;classpath refid="dost.class.path"/>
    &lt;/java>
  &lt;/target>
&lt;/project></codeblock></example>
</refbody>
</reference>
