<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="plugins-overview" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating DITA-OT plug-ins</title>
<shortdesc>The DITA Open Toolkit comes with a built in mechanism for
adding in extensions through plug-ins. These plug-ins may do a wide
variety of things, such as adding support for specialized DITA DTDs
or Schemas, integrating processing overrides, or even providing entirely
new output transforms. Plug-ins are the best way to extend the toolkit
in a way that is consistent, easily sharable, and easy to preserve
through toolkit upgrades.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><p>A plug-in consists of a directory, typically stored directly within the
          <filepath>plugins/</filepath> directory inside of the DITA-OT. Every plug-in is controlled
        by a file named <filepath>plugin.xml</filepath>, located in the plug-in's root
        directory.</p><?Pub Caret 158?><p>Benefits
of extending the toolkit through plug-ins include:<ul>
<li>Plug-ins are easily sharable with other users, teams, or companies;
typically, all that is needed is to unzip and run a single integration
step. With many builds, even that integration step is automatic.</li>
<li>Allows overrides or customizations to grow from simple to complex
over time, with no increased complexity to the extension mechanism.</li>
<li>Plug-ins can be moved from version to version with an upgraded
toolkit simply by unzipping again, or by copying the directory from
one install to another; there is no need to re-integrate code based
on updates to the core processing.</li>
<li>Plug-ins can build upon each other. If you like a plug-in provided
by one user, simply install that plug-in, and then create your own
that builds on that extension. The two plug-ins can then be distributed
to your team as a unit, or you can even share your own extensions
with the original provider.</li>
</ul></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002083?>
