<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="preprocess-conref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Conref (conref)</title>
<shortdesc>The <codeph>conref</codeph> step resolves traditional conref
attributes, processing only the documents that use the conref attribute.
Each map or topic is processed with XSLT to resolve the attributes.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><p>As part of the process, IDs within referenced content
are changed as they are pulled into the new location. This is done
in order to ensure that IDs within the original (referencing) topic
remain unique.</p><p>If an element with an ID is pulled into a new
context along with a cross reference that references the target, both
the ID and the reference are updated so that they remain valid in
the new location. For example, a referenced topic may include a section
as in the following example.<codeblock>&lt;topic id="referenced_topic">
  &lt;title>...&lt;/title>
  &lt;body>
    &lt;section id="sect">&lt;title>Sample section&lt;/title>
      &lt;p>Look at the next figure &lt;xref href="#referenced_topic/fig">here&lt;/xref>.&lt;/p>
      &lt;fig id="fig">&lt;title>Sample&lt;/title>
        &lt;p>This is a rather useless figure, but it
           illustrates a point.&lt;/p>
      &lt;/fig>
    &lt;/section>
  &lt;/body>
&lt;/topic></codeblock></p><p>If the section is referenced with a
conref attribute, the ID on the &lt;fig> element will be modified
to ensure it remains unique inside the new topic. At the same time,
the &lt;xref> element will also be modified so that after the conref
is resolved, it remains valid as a local reference. If the topic pulling
in a new copy of the section has the id "new_topic", then the pulled
copy of the section may look something like this in the intermediate
document.<codeblock>&lt;section>&lt;title>Sample section&lt;/title>
  &lt;p>Look at the next figure &lt;xref href="#new_topic/d1e25">here&lt;/xref>.&lt;/p>
  &lt;fig id="d1e25">&lt;title>Sample&lt;/title>
    &lt;p>This is a rather useless figure, but it
       illustrates a point.&lt;/p>
  &lt;/fig>
&lt;/section></codeblock></p><p>In this case, the ID of the figure
has been changed to a generated value of "d1e25". At the same time,
the &lt;xref> element has been updated to use that new generated ID,
so that the reference stays local in the updated topic.</p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
