<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="xhtmlwithnavigation" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>XHTML processing modules</title>
<shortdesc>The DITA-OT ships with several varieties of XHTML output, each of which follows roughly
the same path through the processing pipeline. All XHTML-based transformation begin with the same
call to the preprocess module, after which they generate XHTML files and then branch to create the
transformation-specific navigation files.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section>
<draft-comment author="Kristen Eberlein" time="29 March 2013">Does the content in this section
pertain to the <codeph>dita.map.xhtml</codeph> target?</draft-comment><p>After the pre-processing operation runs, XHTML-based builds each run a common series of Ant
targets. Navigation may be created before or after this set of common routines.</p><ul>
<li>When the <parmname>arg.css</parmname> parameter is passed to the build to add a CSS file, the
<codeph>copy-css</codeph> target copies the CSS file from its source location to the relative
location in the output directory.</li>
<li>When a DITAVAL file is used, the <codeph>copy-revflag</codeph> target copies the default start-
and end-revision flags into the output directory.</li>
<li>The <codeph>dita.inner.topics.xhtml</codeph> and <codeph>dita.outer.topics.xhtml</codeph>
targets are used to convert DITA topics into XHTML files. After the pre-processing is completed,
each DITA topic in the temporary directory corresponds to one XHTML file.
The<codeph>dita.inner.topics.xhtml</codeph> target is used to process documents that are in the map
directory (or subdirectories of the map directory). The <codeph>dita.outer.topics.xhtml</codeph>
target is used to process documents that are outside of the scope of the map, and thus might end up
outside of the designated output directory. Various DITA-OT parameters control how documents
processed by the <codeph>dita.outer.topics.xhtml</codeph> target are handled.</li>
</ul></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
