<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="aboutmigrating_content">
	<title>About content migration</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2006"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-05-01"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-16"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>migrating</keyword>
				<keyword>FrameMaker DITA Application Pack</keyword>
				<keyword>Adobe FrameMaker DITA Application Pack</keyword>
				<indexterm>legacy content, migrating to DITA</indexterm>
				<indexterm>migrating legacy content to DITA</indexterm>
				<indexterm>FrameMaker DITA Application Pack</indexterm>
				<indexterm>Adobe FrameMaker DITA Application Pack</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section>
		<p>A number of applications are available to help you migrate legacy content to DITA. The degree of success you will experience in using these tools will depend a great deal on the current state of your legacy content. Content that is not already structured will take a great deal more work than content that has already been published as a set of topics, for example an online help system.</p>
			<p>One of the more widely used migration packages is Adobe FrameMaker DITA Application Pack, a free plug-in for FrameMaker 7.2, which was released in September 2006. 
</p>
			<p>
				<note>This is a plug-in for FrameMaker, <i>not</i> DITA Open Toolkit.</note>
			</p>
			<p>The Application Pack adds a plug-in to Framemaker that allows editing DITA topics and map in structured view. It is also possible to convert a DITA map (and all the other files it references) into a FrameMaker book. Output can be produced by using the usual Framemaker output processing or by running the Toolkit build process from within FrameMaker.</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
