<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "../reference.dtd">
<!--             (C) Copyright OASIS Open 2005.                    -->
<!--             (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2001, 2004.         -->
<!--             All Rights Reserved.                              -->
<reference id="commonLRdefs" rev="1.1" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>     <keyword>Common content for Language Reference</keyword>   </title>
<shortdesc>This topic documents the common definitions for attributes that
appear within the DITA DTDs, and provides the content for reuse within the
individual element descriptions of the <ph>       <cite>DITA Language Reference</cite> 
   </ph>.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section>       <p>Writers, please ensure that explanations are generic in
nature. For example, references to specific instances of SGML such as DocBook
or IBMIDDoc may not be meaningful to all readers. To avoid naming specific
products, refer to them generically as &quot;validating XML editors,&quot;
and so on. Not all DITA users will implement DITA the same way or have the
same markup language background when reading DITA documentation!</p>     
 <draft-comment>         <note othertype="Authoring convention" type="other">Use <tt>&amp;lt;&lt;apiname&gt;element&lt;/apiname&gt;&amp;gt;</tt> and <tt
>&lt;i&gt;&lt;apiname&gt;attr&lt;/apiname&gt;&lt;/i&gt;</tt> for future domain
specialization. (Don has been using &lt;term&gt;element&lt;/term&gt; and &lt;i&gt;attribute&lt;/i&gt;)</note> 
     </draft-comment>       <note id="abouturls">All DITA linking attributes
defined as allowing URLs are defined as CDATA but should follow standard URL
syntax (CDATA is used for now because DTDs cannot enforce a URL datatype).
They are used literally in transforms, therefore the integrity of the link
is up to the author.</note>       <note othertype="Phrase common data" type="other"> 
       <ul>
<li><ph id="propertyvalueattr">This is a property attribute
which supports conditional processing for filtering or flagging.</ph>    
</li>
<li><ph id="may-inherit">If no value is
specified, but the attribute is specified on an ancestor within a map or within
the related-links section, the value will inherit from the closest ancestor.</ph></li>
<li><ph id="space-delimited-property">The attribute takes a space delimited set
of values.</ph></li>
<li><ph id="space-plus-generalize">The attribute takes a space delimited set of
values. However, when acting as a container for generalized attributes, the
content model will be more complex; that model is documented in the "attribute
generalization" section of the DITA architectural specification.</ph></li>
<li>             <ph id="only4eclipse">This element is for runtime resolution
of references, and is for navigation only. <b>It is currently only supported
by Eclipse output.</b></ph>           </li>
</ul>       </note>       <note othertype="Planned for later use" type="other"> 
       <ul>
<li>Not intended for direct use by authors.</li>
<li>This element is part of the DITA highlighting domain.</li>
<li>This element is part of the DITA programming domain, a special set of
DITA elements designed to document programming tasks, concepts and reference
information.</li>
<li>This element is part of the DITA software domain, a special set of DITA
elements designed to document software tasks, concepts and reference information.</li>
</ul>       </note>       <note id="conrefexplanation" othertype="Use to extend conref discussions"
type="other">SGML users may recognize that this is very similar to the conref
mechanism in SGML (call CONLOC in IBMIDDoc) that uses only an empty start
tag to indicate the placement of the referenced element. However, the rules
of XML do not allow us to do conref as easily as the SGML standard permitted.
Even when you have a conref attribute to pull in content, the element using
conref must be valid within the document. In the case of a table, for example,
the table element requires a tgroup child, which requires tbody, which requires
at least one row, which requires at least one entry. In addition, the tgroup
element requires the cols attribute to be specified. You will have to insert
all of these elements in your source file, even though they will be discarded
during processing. Validating editors will insert all of the required elements,
although you may still need to ensure that required attributes contain at
least a throwaway value.</note>       <note othertype="Designers explanation for no-topic-nesting"
type="other">Pertaining to the following declaration in topic.mod:<codeblock>&lt;!ELEMENT topic (%title;, (%titlealts;)?, (%shortdesc;)?, (%prolog;)?, %body;, (%related-links;)?, 
                (%topic-info-types;)* )&gt;
</codeblock> if the parameter entity topic-info-types in topic.dtd were declared
as<codeblock>&lt;!ENTITY % topic-info-types &quot;no-topic-nesting&quot;&gt;</codeblock>then
the resulting authoring DTD would not allow the nesting of any child topics.
As far as the DTD is concerned, this empty element takes the place of any
nested topics. Using a null value for a parameter entity value is not allowed
in DTD syntax, therefore the architecture provides this empty element as a
required token in the syntax.</note>     </section>
<!--===== THIS IS THE START OF SUPPORTED ATTRIBUTE DEFINITIONS USED BY CONREF IN MANY PLACES =====-->
<section>       <title>Attribute common data</title>       <simpletable relcolwidth="3* 9* 3* 3* 2*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow id="TBD">
<stentry><!--ATTRIBUTE NAME-->TBD </stentry>
<stentry><!--ATTRIBUTE DESCRIPTION-->This attribute has not been documented
yet </stentry>
<stentry><!--ATTRIBUTE TYPE-->CDATA </stentry>
<stentry><!--ATTRIBUTE DEFAULT VALUE-->#IMPLIED </stentry>
<stentry><!--ATTRIBUTE REQUIRED?--> Not applicable </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="display-atts">
<stentry>%display-atts; (scale, frame, expanse)</stentry>
<stentry>A set of related attributes, described at <xref href="display-atts.dita"></xref></stentry>
<stentry>parameter entity</stentry>
<stentry>             <ph>               <i>                 <keyword>PE not
applicable</keyword>               </i>             </ph>           </stentry>
<stentry>Not applicable </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="display-atts-table">
<stentry>scale, frame</stentry>
<stentry>Described at <xref href="display-atts.dita"> <!-- optional content -->
           </xref></stentry>
<stentry>parameter entity</stentry>
<stentry>             <ph>               <i>                 <keyword>PE not
applicable</keyword>               </i>             </ph>           </stentry>
<stentry>Not applicable </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="global-atts">
<stentry>%global-atts; (xtrf, xtrc)</stentry>
<stentry>A set of related attributes, described at <xref href="global-atts.dita"></xref></stentry>
<stentry>parameter entity</stentry>
<stentry>             <ph>               <i>                 <keyword>PE not
applicable</keyword>               </i>             </ph>           </stentry>
<stentry>Not applicable </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="id-atts">
<stentry>%id-atts; (id, conref)</stentry>
<stentry>A set of related attributes, described at <xref href="id-atts.dita"></xref></stentry>
<stentry>parameter entity</stentry>
<stentry>             <ph>               <i>                 <keyword>PE not
applicable</keyword>               </i>             </ph>           </stentry>
<stentry>Not applicable </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="rel-atts">
<stentry>%rel-atts; (type, role, otherrole)</stentry>
<stentry>A set of related attributes, described at <xref href="rel-atts.dita"></xref></stentry>
<stentry>parameter entity</stentry>
<stentry>             <ph>               <i>                 <keyword>PE not
applicable</keyword>               </i>             </ph>           </stentry>
<stentry>Not applicable </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="select-atts">
<stentry>%select-atts; (props, base, platform, product, audience, otherprops,
importance, rev, status)</stentry>
<stentry>A set of related attributes, described at <xref href="select-atts.dita"></xref></stentry>
<stentry>parameter entity</stentry>
<stentry>             <ph>               <i>                 <keyword>PE not
applicable</keyword>               </i>             </ph>           </stentry>
<stentry>Not applicable </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="topicref-atts">
<stentry>%topicref-atts; (collection-type, type, scope, locktitle, format,
linking, toc, print, search, chunk)</stentry>
<stentry>A set of related attributes. See <xref href="topicref-atts.dita"></xref>.</stentry>
<stentry>parameter entity</stentry>
<stentry>             <ph>               <i>                 <keyword>PE not
applicable</keyword>               </i>             </ph>           </stentry>
<stentry>Not applicable </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="topicref-atts-no-toc">
<stentry>%topicref-atts-no-toc; (collection-type, type, scope, locktitle, format,
linking, toc, print, search, chunk)</stentry>
<stentry>A related set of attributes. See <xref href="topicref-atts.dita"></xref>.</stentry>
<stentry>parameter entity</stentry>
<stentry>             <ph>               <i>                 <keyword>PE not
applicable</keyword>               </i>             </ph>           </stentry>
<stentry>Not applicable </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="univ-atts">
<stentry>%univ-atts; (%select-atts;, %id-atts;, %localization-atts;)</stentry>
<stentry>A set of related attributes, described at <xref href="univ-atts.dita"></xref></stentry>
<stentry>parameter entity</stentry>
<stentry>             <ph>               <i>                 <keyword>PE not
applicable</keyword>               </i>             </ph>           </stentry>
<stentry>Not applicable </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="univ-atts-no-importance">
<stentry>%univ-atts-no-importance</stentry>
<stentry>A set of related attributes, described at <xref href="univ-atts.dita"></xref>,
but without the importance attribute</stentry>
<stentry>parameter entity</stentry>
<stentry>             <ph>               <i>                 <keyword>PE not
applicable</keyword>               </i>             </ph>           </stentry>
<stentry>Not applicable </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="classandout">
<stentry>class, outputclass</stentry>
<stentry>Common attributes described in <xref href="othercommon.dita"></xref></stentry>
<stentry/><stentry/><stentry/>
</strow>
<strow id="classandkey">
<stentry>class, keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Common attributes described in <xref href="othercommon.dita"></xref></stentry>
<stentry/><stentry/><stentry/>
</strow>
<strow id="classonly">
<stentry>class</stentry>
<stentry>A common attribute described in <xref href="othercommon.dita"></xref></stentry>
<stentry/><stentry/><stentry/>
</strow>
<strow id="classoutspace">
<stentry>class, outputclass, xml:space</stentry>
<stentry>Common attributes described in <xref href="othercommon.dita"></xref></stentry>
<stentry/><stentry/><stentry/>
</strow>
<strow id="classoutkey">
<stentry>class, outputclass, keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Common attributes described in <xref href="othercommon.dita"></xref></stentry>
<stentry/><stentry/><stentry/>
</strow>
<strow id="classoutkeyspace">
<stentry>class, outputclass, keyref, xml:space</stentry>
<stentry>Common attributes described in <xref href="othercommon.dita"></xref></stentry>
<stentry/><stentry/><stentry/>
</strow>
<strow id="align-image">
<stentry>align</stentry>
<stentry>Controls the horizontal alignment of an image when placement is specified
as &quot;break.&quot; Allowable values (processor-validated) are: <keyword>left</keyword>, <keyword>right</keyword>, <keyword>center</keyword>,
and <keyword>current</keyword>.<indexterm id="att-align-image">align attribute<indexterm>image</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="align">
<stentry>align</stentry>
<stentry>Describes the alignment of text in a table column. Allowable values
are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>left</dt>
<dd>Indicates left alignment of the text.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>right</dt>
<dd>Indicates right alignment of the text.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>center</dt>
<dd>Indicates center alignment of the text.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>justify</dt>
<dd>Justifies the contents to both the left and the right.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry id="ditauseconref">
<dt>-dita-use-conref-target</dt>
<dd>See <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita"/> for more information.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-align">align attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(left | right | center | justify | char | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="alt">
<stentry>alt <i>(deprecated)</i></stentry>
<stentry>Alternative text that describes the image to provide accessibility
to page readers, or provides a text description when an image cannot be displayed
by the user&apos;s software.<indexterm id="att-alt">alt attribute</indexterm> The
alt attribute is deprecated; use the alt element instead.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="anchorref">
<stentry>anchorref</stentry>
<stentry>Identifies a location within another map file where this map will
be anchored (added at runtime, using Eclipse navigation integration). For
example, <codeph>anchorref=&quot;map1.ditamap/a1&quot;</codeph> causes this
map to be pulled into the location of the anchor point a1 in the other map1.ditamap.<indexterm
id="att-anchorref">anchorref attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="appname">
<stentry>appname</stentry>
<stentry>Contains the name of the application that will use the resource id
to identify the topic.<indexterm id="att-appname">appname attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="archive">
<stentry>archive</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies a space-separated list of URLs indicating resources needed
by the object. These resources may include those URLs specified by the classid
and data attributes. Preloading these resources usually results in faster
loadtimes for objects. The URLs in the list should be relative to the URL
specified in the codebase attribute.<indexterm id="att-archive">archive attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="audience">
<stentry>audience</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the intended audience for the element.
<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/propertyvalueattr"/> <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/may-inherit"/>
<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/space-delimited-property"/><indexterm
id="att-audience">audience attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA </stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="author">
<stentry>author</stentry>
<stentry>Designates the originator of the draft comment.<indexterm id="att-author">author
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="callout">
<stentry>callout</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies what character is used for the footnote link, for example
a number or an alpha character. The attribute may also specify a short string
of characters. When no callout value is specified, footnotes are numbered.<indexterm id="att-callout">callout
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="char">
<stentry>char</stentry>
<stentry>alignment character <p>Default source for entry elements starting
in this column. If character alignment is specified, the value is the single
alignment character source for any implied char values for entry immediately
in this column. A value of &quot;&quot; (the null string) means there is no
aligning character.</p><indexterm id="att-char">char attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="charoff">
<stentry>charoff</stentry>
<stentry>horizontal offset of alignment character when align=char <p>Default
source for entry elements starting in this column. For character alignment
on an entry in the column, horizontal character offset is the percent of the
current column width to the left of the (left edge of the) alignment character.</p><p>This
value should be number, greater than 0 and less than or equal to 100.</p><indexterm
id="att-charoff">charoff attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="chunk">
<stentry>chunk</stentry>
<stentry><indexterm>chunk
attribute</indexterm>When a set of topics is transformed using a map, the
chunk attribute allows multi-topic documents to be broken into smaller files,
and multiple individual topics to be combined into larger combined documents.
<p>For a detailed description of the chunk attribute and its usage see the
section on Chunking in Chapter 4 of the DITA 1.1 Architectural Specification.</p></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="class">
<stentry>class</stentry>
<stentry><i><keyword>Not for use by authors. If an editor displays class attribute
values, do not edit them.</keyword></i> The class attribute supports specialization.
Its predefined values allow DITA tools to work correctly with ranges of related
content. In a generalized DITA document the class attribute value in the generalized instance may differ from the default value for the class attribute for the element as given in the DTD
or schema.<indexterm>class attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry><i>Default value differs for each element</i></stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="classid">
<stentry>classid</stentry>
<stentry>Contains a URL that specifies the location of an object&apos;s implementation.
It can be used together with the data attribute which is specified relative
to the value of the codebase attribute.<indexterm id="att-classid">classid
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="codebase">
<stentry>codebase</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies the base path (a URL) used for resolving the URL values
given for classid, data, and archive attributes. If codebase is not set, the
default is the base URL of the current document.<indexterm id="att-codebase">codebase
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="codetype">
<stentry>codetype</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the content type for the data specified by the classid
attribute. This attribute should be set when the classid attribute is set
to avoid loading unsupported content types. If this attribute value is not
set, the default is the value of the type attribute.<indexterm id="att-codetype">codetype
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="collection-type">
<stentry>collection-type</stentry>
<stentry>Collection types describe how links relate to each other. A family
collection represents a tight grouping in which each of the referenced topics
not only relates to the current topic but also relate to each other. Sequence
indicates that the order of the child topics is significant; output processors
will typically link between them in order. Unordered indicates that the order
is not significant. Choice indicates that one of the children should be selected.
If no value is specified, processors should treat the default as "unordered",
although no default is specified in the DTD. See <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">this
topic</xref> for more information on the conref value.<indexterm id="att-collection-type">collection-type
attribute</indexterm><p>Usage of the collection-type attribute on &lt;reltable> and
&lt;relcolspec> is currently undefined, and reserved for future use.</p></stentry>
<stentry>(unordered | sequence | choice | family | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="colname">
<stentry>colname</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies the table column name in which an entry is found.<indexterm
id="att-colname">colname attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="colnum">
<stentry>colnum</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the number of a column in the table, counting from the
first logical column to the last column.<indexterm id="att-colnum">colnum
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="cols">
<stentry>cols</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the number of columns in a &lt;tgroup&gt; in a table.<indexterm
id="att-cols">cols attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="colsep">
<stentry>colsep</stentry>
<stentry>Column separator. A value of 0 indicates no separators; 1 indicates
separators.<indexterm id="att-colsep">colsep attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="colwidth">
<stentry>colwidth</stentry>
<stentry>Describes the column width.<indexterm id="att-colwidth">colwidth
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="compact">
<stentry>compact</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates close vertical spacing between the list items. Expanded
spacing is the default value. The output result of compact spacing depends
on the processor or browser. Allowed values are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>yes</dt>
<dd>Indicates compact spacing.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>no</dt>
<dd>Indicates expanded spacing.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><!--Consider having the default set by the content (eg, if there are blocks in the lists, then make them uncompact by default)--><indexterm
id="att-compact">compact attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(yes | no | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="conref-topic">
<stentry>conref <!--description for conref to a topic--></stentry>
<stentry>This attribute is used to reference an ID on a topic that can be
reused. See <xref href="theconrefattribute.dita"></xref> for examples and
details about the syntax.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="conref-map">
<stentry>conref <!--description for conref to a map--></stentry>
<stentry>This attribute is used to reference an ID on a map that can be reused.
See <xref href="theconrefattribute.dita"></xref> for examples and details
about the syntax.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="conref">
<stentry>conref <!--description for conref to an element--></stentry>
<stentry>This attribute is used to reference an ID on content that can be
reused. See <xref href="theconrefattribute.dita"></xref> for examples and
details about the syntax.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="conref-topicref">
<stentry>conref</stentry>
<stentry>Conref may be used within a map to reuse portions of a map (such
as a topicref branch or relationship table).  See <xref href="theconrefattribute.dita"></xref> for
examples and details about the syntax.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="#commonLRdefs/conref" id="conref-element">
<stentry><!-- Not sure if this is still needed; it was a copy of the normal conref entry--></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="content">
<stentry>content</stentry>
<stentry>The value for the property named in the name attribute.<indexterm
id="att-content">content attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="copy-to">
<stentry>copy-to</stentry>
<stentry>Use the copy-to attribute on the &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;
element to provide a different file name for a particular instance of the
topic in the map (for example, to separate out the different versions of the
topic, rather than combining them on output). The links and navigation associated
with that instance will point to a copy of the topic with the file name you
specified. <p>Use the &lt;<keyword>linktext</keyword>&gt; and &lt;<keyword>shortdesc</keyword>&gt;
in the &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;&apos;s &lt;<keyword>topicmeta</keyword>&gt;
to provide a unique name and short description for the new copy.</p><indexterm
id="att-copy-to">copy-to attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="data">
<stentry>data</stentry>
<stentry>Contains a reference to the location of an object&apos;s data. If
this attribute is a URL, it is specified relative to the value of the codebase
attribute. If this attribute is set, the type attribute should also be set.<indexterm
id="att-data">data attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="date">
<stentry>date</stentry>
<stentry>The document creation date. Enter the date as YYYY-MM-DD where YYYY
is the year, MM is the month from 01 to 12, and DD is the day from 01-31.
See <xref format="html" href="http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~mgk25/iso-time.html"
scope="external">A Summary of the International Standard Date and Time Notation</xref> for
background.<indexterm id="att-date">date attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="declare">
<stentry>declare</stentry>
<stentry>When this attribute is set to declare, the current object definition
is a declaration only. The object must be instantiated by a later nested object
definition referring to this declaration.<indexterm id="att-declare">declare
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>declare</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="disposition">
<stentry>disposition</stentry>
<stentry>Status of the draft comment. Values can be issue, open, accepted,
rejected, deferred, duplicate, reopened, unassigned, or completed.<indexterm
id="att-disposition">disposition attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="domains">
<stentry>domains</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the specialized domains that are included in the DTD or
Schema.<indexterm>domains attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>(topic ui-d) (topic hi-d) (topic pr-d) (topic sw-d) (topic ut-d)
(topic indexing-d)</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="domains-map">
<stentry>domains</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the specialized domains that are included in the DTD or
Schema.<indexterm>domains attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>(map mapgroup-d) (topic indexing-d)</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="domains-bookmap">
<stentry>domains</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the specialized domains that are included in the DTD or
Schema.<indexterm>domains attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>(map mapgroup-d) (topic indexing-d) (topic xnal-d)</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="DITAArchVersion">
<stentry>DITAArchVersion</stentry>
<stentry>Designates the version of the architecture that is in use.<indexterm
id="att-DITAArchVersion">DITAArchVersion attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry><q>1.1</q> (version dependent; will increase)</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="duplicates">
<stentry>duplicates</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies whether or not duplicate links will be filtered out of
a linklist. Allowable values are: &quot;yes&quot; (allow duplicate links),
or &quot;no&quot; (filter out duplicate links). In general, duplicate links
in linklists are preserved.. Note that links are regarded as duplicates only
if their content plus all attributes match. <!--Currently not supported in DITA
processing.--><indexterm id="att-duplicates">duplicates attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>The attribute value is currently ignored, but should default to yes
for links in linklists and no for all other links.</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="expanse">
<stentry>expanse</stentry>
<stentry>Determines the horizontal placement of the element. <p>Allowable
values are: &quot;page&quot; places the element on the left page margin; &quot;column&quot;
aligns the element with the current column margin; &quot;textline&quot; aligns
the element with the left margin of the current text line and takes indention
into account.</p><p>See <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita"/> for
more information on the conref value.</p><p>For non-paginated output, such
as XHTML, some values may not be supported.</p><p id="pgwide-explain">In DITA tables, in place of the expanse attribute used by other DITA elements, the pgwide attribute is
used in order to conform with the OASIS Exchange Table Model. This attribute has a similar semantic
(1=page width; 0=resize to galley or column).</p><!--DITA processing for XHTML output supports only top, bottom, and topbot rules ??--><indexterm
id="att-expanse">expanse attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry> (page | column | textline | -dita-use-conref-target) </stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="experiencelevel">
<stentry>experiencelevel</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the level of experience the audience is assumed to possess.
Different audiences may have different experience levels with respect to the
same topic; for example, a topic may require general knowledge from a programmer,
but expert knowledge from a user. Allowable values are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>novice</dt>
<dd>A first time user.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>general</dt>
<dd>The most common user.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>expert</dt>
<dd>An experienced user.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-experiencelevel">experiencelevel attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(novice | general | expert | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="expiry">
<stentry>expiry</stentry>
<stentry>The date when the information should be retired or refreshed, entered
as YYYY-MM-DD, where YYYY is the year, MM is the month from 01 to 12, and
DD is the day from 01-31.<indexterm id="att-expiry">expiry attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="format">
<stentry>format</stentry>
<stentry>The format attribute identifies the format of the resource being
cross referenced. See <xref href="theformatattribute.dita"></xref> for details
on supported values.<indexterm id="att-format">format attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="frame">
<stentry>frame</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies which portion of a border should surround the element.
Allowable values are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>top</dt>
<dd>Draw a line before the element</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>bottom</dt>
<dd>Draw a line after the element</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>topbot</dt>
<dd>Draw a line both before and after the element</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>all</dt>
<dd>Draw a box around the element</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>sides</dt>
<dd>Draw a line at each side of the element</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>none</dt>
<dd>Don&apos;t draw any lines around this element</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><p><ph otherprops="outputlimits">Some DITA processors or output
formats may not be able to support all values.</ph></p><indexterm id="att-frame">frame
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(top | bottom | topbot | all | sides | none | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="golive">
<stentry>golive</stentry>
<stentry>The publication or general availability (GA) date, entered as YYYY-MM-DD,
where YYYY is the year, MM is the month from 01 to 12, and DD is the day from
01-31.<indexterm id="att-golive">golive attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="height" rev="1.1">
<stentry>height</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the vertical dimension for the resulting image
display. If necessary, the image is scaled to the specified
size. <ph id="height-width-units">The value of this attribute is a real number optionally
following by a unit of measure from the set of pc, pt, px, in,
cm, mm, em (picas, points, pixels, inches, centimeters,
millimeters, and ems respectively).  The default unit is px
(pixels). Possible values include: "5", "5in", and "10.5cm".</ph> If a height value is specified and no width value is specified,
the width will be scaled by the same factor as the height.
<ph id="height-width-scale-warning">If both a height value and width value are specified, some
implementations may not be able to scale the two directions
by a different factor and may therefore ignore one of the
two values.</ph><indexterm>height attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="height-object" rev="1.1">
<stentry>height</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the vertical dimension for the resulting object
display. If necessary, the object is scaled to the specified
size. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/height-width-units"/> If a height value is specified and no width value is specified,
the width will be scaled by the same factor as the height.
<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/height-width-scale-warning"/><indexterm>height attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="href">
<stentry>href</stentry>
<stentry>A hyperlink to an external Web page (URL) or other non-DITA resource,
or to another DITA topic in the same file or in another file. The format attribute
identifies the format of the target. Non-DITA targets use standard URL syntax.
DITA topics are targetted as follows:<pre>Target elsewhere in the same file:
  href=&quot;#topicid&quot;
First topic in different file:
  href=&quot;filename.dita&quot;
Specific topic in different file:
  href=&quot;filename.dita#topicid&quot;</pre><p>If the URL contains an ampersand
character, the ampersand symbol (&amp;amp;) should be used to indicate that
character</p><indexterm id="att-href">href attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="href-xref">
<stentry>href</stentry>
<stentry>A hyperlink to an external Web page (URL) or other non-DITA resource,
to another DITA topic in the same file or in another file, or to a specific
element inside a DITA topic. The format attribute identifies the format of
the target. Non-DITA targets use standard URL syntax. DITA content is targetted
as follows:<pre>Target elsewhere in the same file:
  href=&quot;#topicID&quot;
  href=&quot;#topicID/elemID
Target in a different file:
  href=&quot;filename.dita#topicID&quot;
  href=&quot;fname.dita#topicID/elemID&quot;</pre>Elements inside a topic
need to have their location scoped by the containing topic&apos;s ID. Only
the id of the target element and the topic that contains it matter: id&apos;s
on any other containing elements (for example an id on the &lt;<keyword>body</keyword>&gt;
element) are not part of the link syntax.<p>If the URL contains an ampersand
character, the ampersand symbol (&amp;amp;) should be used to indicate that
character</p><indexterm>href attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="href-topicref">
<stentry>href</stentry>
<stentry>A pointer to the resource represented by the &lt;topicref&gt;. References
to DITA content cannot be below the topic level: that is, you cannot reference
individual elements inside a topic. <ph id="non-dita-href">References to content
other than DITA topics should use the format attribute to identify the kind
of resource being referenced.</ph><indexterm>href attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="href-booklist">
<stentry>href</stentry>
<stentry>Points to a manual listing for the current element. If no href is
specified, processors may choose to generate an appropriate listing for this
element. All of the book listings operate in a similar manner; for example, <codeph>&lt;toc href="toc.dita"/></codeph> points to
a topic which contains a manual table of contents, while <codeph>&lt;toc/></codeph> indicates
that a processor should generate the table of contents. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/non-dita-href"></ph><indexterm>href
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="href-synnoteref">
<stentry>href</stentry>
<stentry>Points to the target syntax note (&lt;synnote&gt;), which must be
in the same syntax diagram. Use standard DITA href syntax for targetting the
element: <codeph>href=&quot;#topicid/synnoteid&quot;</codeph><indexterm>href
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="href-defining">
<stentry>href</stentry>
<stentry>A hyperlink representing a resource that defines the person or company
named in the parent element. For example, you could use this attribute to
cite the URL for the named entity&apos;s <q>home page.</q> The href attribute
identifies the destination of the resource using conventional URL syntax.<indexterm
id="att-href-defining">href attribute<indexterm>defining</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="href-fragref">
<stentry>href</stentry>
<stentry>A reference to a syntax diagram fragment element. The referenced fragment
should be in the same diagram as the fragref element. The href attribute
uses conventional URL syntax to point to the ID of the matching syntax diagram
fragment:<pre>href=&quot;#topicid/fragmentid&quot;</pre><indexterm id="att-href-fragref">href
attribute<indexterm>fragref</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="href-image">
<stentry>href</stentry>
<stentry>The relative path or URL to the image. The href attribute
uses conventional URL syntax to point to the resource:<pre>href=&quot;../images/construction.gif&quot;</pre><indexterm
id="att-href-image">href attribute<indexterm>image</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="href-lq">
<stentry>href</stentry>
<stentry>A hyperlink representing a bibliographic citation to resources that
can be accessed by browsers (meaning a URL). The href attribute identifies
the destination of the resource using conventional URL syntax.<indexterm id="att-href-lq">href
attribute<indexterm>lq</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="href-source">
<stentry>href</stentry>
<stentry>A pointer to the external resource from which the present resource
is derived. The href attribute identifies the destination of the resource
using conventional URL syntax.<indexterm id="att-href-source">href attribute<indexterm>source</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="id-topic">
<stentry>id</stentry>
<stentry>This ID enables topics to be referenced uniquely by topicrefs in
DITA maps.<indexterm>id attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>ID</stentry>
<stentry> <!-- No default --> </stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="id">
<stentry>id</stentry>
<stentry>An anchor point. This ID is the target for references by href and
conref attributes, and for external applications that refer to DITA content.<indexterm>id
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="id-anchor" rev="1.1">
<stentry>id</stentry>
<stentry>Provides an integration
point that another map may reference in order to insert its navigation into
the current navigation tree. The anchorref attribute on a map may be used
to reference this attribute.</stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="id-topicref">
<stentry>id</stentry>
<stentry>This ID is the target for references by conref attributes, to allow
build-time integration of maps.<indexterm>id attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>ID</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="id-resourceid">
<stentry>id</stentry>
<stentry>The value used by a specific application to identify the topic.<indexterm>id
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="id-param">
<stentry>id</stentry>
<stentry>The id of the parameter.<indexterm>id attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>ID</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="id-map">
<stentry>id</stentry>
<stentry>This attribute may be used for debugging purposes, for example to
identify which map a link was generated from.<indexterm id="att-idmap">id
attribute<indexterm>map</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>ID</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="importance-optreq">
<stentry>importance</stentry>
<stentry>The attribute indicates whether this item in a syntax diagram is <keyword>optional</keyword> or <keyword>required</keyword>.
Output processors may indicate this designation in a generated diagram. See <xref
href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">this topic</xref> for more information on
the conref value.<indexterm id="att-importance-optreq">importance attribute<indexterm>delim</indexterm><indexterm>fragref</indexterm><indexterm>repsep</indexterm
></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>optional | required | -dita-use-conref-target</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="importance-var">
<stentry>importance</stentry>
<stentry>The attribute indicates whether this item in a syntax diagram is <keyword>optional</keyword>, <keyword>required</keyword>,
or <keyword>default</keyword>. Output processors may indicate this designation
in a generated diagram. See <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita"/> for
more information on the conref value.<indexterm>importance attribute<indexterm>var</indexterm><indexterm>kwd</indexterm><indexterm>oper</indexterm
><indexterm>sep</indexterm><indexterm>Syntax groups</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>optional | required | default | -dita-use-conref-target</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="importance">
<stentry>importance</stentry>
<stentry>A range of values that describe an importance or priority attributed
to an element. For example, in steps of a task, the attribute indicates whether
a step is optional or required. <indexterm id="att-importance">importance
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>obsolete | deprecated | optional | default | low | normal | high
| recommended | required | urgent | -dita-use-conref-target</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="importance-step">
<stentry>importance</stentry>
<stentry>Describes whether the current step or substep is optional or required.
Output processors may (but need not) highlight steps that are optional or required.<indexterm>importance
attribute<indexterm>step, substep</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>optional | required | -dita-use-conref-target</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="job">
<stentry>job</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the high-level task the audience for the topic is trying
to accomplish. Different audiences may read the same topic in terms of different
high-level tasks; for example, an administrator may read the topic while administering,
while a programmer may read the same topic while customizing. Allowable values
are: <keyword>installing</keyword>, <keyword>customizing</keyword>, <keyword>administering</keyword>, <keyword> programming</keyword>, <keyword> using</keyword
>, <keyword>maintaining</keyword>, <keyword>troubleshooting</keyword>, <keyword>evaluating</keyword>, <keyword>planning</keyword>, <keyword>migrating</keyword
>, <keyword>other</keyword>, <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita"><keyword>-dita-use-conref-target</keyword></xref>.<indexterm
id="att-job">job attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>installing | customizing | administering | programming | using |
maintaining | troubleshooting | evaluating | planning | migrating | other
| -dita-use-conref-target</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="keycol">
<stentry>keycol</stentry>
<stentry>Defines the column that will be used for row headings. No value indicates
no key column. When present, the numerical value causes the specified column
to be highlighted as a vertical header.<indexterm id="att-keycol">keycol attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="keycol-choicetable">
<stentry>keycol</stentry>
<stentry>Defines the column that will be used for row headings. By default,
the first co<?Pub Caret?>lumn is used. To indicate that no column in the table
is the key column, set the attribute to 0.</stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>1</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="keyref">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>The keyref attribute is reserved for future use. The OASIS DITA Technical
Committee expects to finish designing this attribute in the next release of
the DITA standard.<indexterm id="att-keyref">keyref attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="keyref-indexterm">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to identify a higher-level
index term that the current index term should be added under. Currently not
implemented in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm>keyref attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="keyref-cite">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Currently not implemented in DITA processors. Provides a key that
a process can use to look up the location of the cited material, and potentially
create a link to it.<indexterm id="att-keyref-cite">keyref attribute<indexterm>cite</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="keyref-author">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to look up the path to author
information, and potentially create a link to it. Currently not implemented
in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm id="att-keyref-author">keyref attribute<indexterm>author</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="keyref-cmd">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to associate the &lt;<keyword>cmd</keyword>&gt;
with another task that provides more details for that particular step. Currently
not implemented in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm id="att-keyref-cmd">keyref
attribute<indexterm>cmd</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="keyref-cmdname">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to associate the &lt;<keyword>cmdname</keyword>&gt;
with the reference topic for the command, if the command name itself isn&apos;t
sufficient. Currently not implemented in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm
id="att-keyref-cmdname">keyref attribute<indexterm>cmdname</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="keyref-dt">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to associate the &lt;<keyword>dt</keyword>&gt;
with a topic elsewhere (such as a related reference or concept). Currently
not implemented in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm id="att-keyref-dt">keyref
attribute<indexterm>dt</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="keyref-image">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to refer to the &lt;<keyword>image</keyword>&gt;
by a key rather than referencing it directly. Currently not implemented in
the DITA Open Toolkit.<!--MP: I think there was a good short description of the basic "alternate to href" use somewhere in the old langref--><indexterm
id="att-keyref-image">keyref attribute<indexterm>image</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="keyref-indextermref">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to identify the indexterm which
the current location should be added to. Currently not implemented in the
DITA Open Toolkit.<!--keyref here is a pointer to an indexterm, using the keyref mechanism so that you can use the indirection to change what it points to for different contexts--><indexterm
id="att-keyref-indextermref">keyref attribute<indexterm>indextermref</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="keyref-keyword">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to associate the &lt;<keyword>keyword</keyword>&gt;
with another topic that provides more details for that particular keyword.
Currently not implemented in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm id="att-keyref-keyword">keyref
attribute<indexterm>keyword</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="keyref-kwd">
<stentry>keyref</stentry>
<stentry>Provides a key that a process can use to associate the &lt;<keyword>kwd</keyword>&gt;
with another topic that provides more details for that particular keyword.
Currently not implemented in the DITA Open Toolkit.<indexterm id="att-keyref-kwd">keyref
attribute<indexterm>kwd</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="linking">
<stentry>linking</stentry>
<stentry>Defines some specific linking characteristics of a topic&apos;s current
location in the map. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/inherit-in-map"/><dl><dlentry>
<dt>targetonly</dt>
<dd>A topic can only be linked to and cannot link to other topics.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>sourceonly</dt>
<dd>A topic cannot be linked to but can link to other topics.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>normal</dt>
<dd>A topic can be linked to and can link to other topics. Use this to override
the linking value of a parent topic.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>none</dt>
<dd>A topic cannot be linked to or link to other topics.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-linking">linking attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(targetonly | sourceonly | normal | none | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="lockmeta">
<stentry>lockmeta</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates whether any of the meta information should be replaced
by meta information in the referenced topic.<indexterm id="att-lockmeta">lockmeta
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(yes | no | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="locktitle">
<stentry>locktitle</stentry>
<stentry>This attribute makes sure the <i>               <keyword>navtitle</keyword> 
           </i> attribute is used if it is present; if <i>               <keyword>locktitle</keyword> 
           </i> isn&apos;t set to <q>yes</q>, the <i>               <keyword>navtitle</keyword> 
           </i> attribute is ignored and text is retrieved from the target<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>yes</dt>
<dd>The navtitle in the map is used.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>no</dt>
<dd>Default. The navtitle or title of the topic is used.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-locktitle">locktitle attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(yes | no | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="longdescref">
<stentry>longdescref</stentry>
<stentry>A reference to a textual description of the graphic or object. This
attribute supports creating accessible content. It uses standard href syntax.
This may be a reference to another DITA topic, or to a non-DITA description. For examples
of how this attribute is used in output, see this this topic on
<xref scope="external" format="html" href="http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG10-HTML-TECHS/#long-descriptions">long descriptions</xref>.<indexterm id="att-longdescref">longdescref
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="mapkeyref">
<stentry>mapkeyref</stentry>
<stentry>Identifies the map, if any, from which the contained links are derived.
This value is automatically generated by the same process that creates the
links from the map, as a way to identify which map the links came from. If
the &lt;<keyword>linklist</keyword>&gt; or &lt;<keyword>linkpool</keyword>&gt;
is manually created by the author, there is no need to use this attribute.<!--actually is supported, as documented (ie, doesn't apply to linklist, and is never seen in linkpool since it's added to an intermediate file we don't currently preserve)--><indexterm
id="att-mapkeyref">mapkeyref attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="mapref">
<stentry>mapref</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies the URL (local filename, at least) of the map file to reference. <!--<ph
conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/only4eclipse"></ph>--> It may point to a DITA map,
or to a file that is appropriate for your output format (such as XML TOC file for Eclipse
output).<indexterm id="att-mapref">mapref
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="modification">
<stentry>modification</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates when the product described in this topic was last modified.<indexterm
id="att-modification">modification attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="modified">
<stentry>modified</stentry>
<stentry>The last modification date, entered as YYYY-MM-DD, where YYYY is
the year, MM is the month from 01 to 12, and DD is the day from 01-31.<indexterm
id="att-modified">modified attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="morerows">
<stentry>morerows</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies the number of additional rows to add in a vertical span. <indexterm
id="att-morerows">morerows attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="name">
<stentry>name</stentry>
<stentry>Defines a unique name for the
object.<!-- This description is taken from http://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_object.asp --><indexterm>name
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="name-state">
<stentry>name</stentry>
<stentry>The name of the property whose state is being described.<indexterm>name
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="name-bookeventtype">
<stentry>name</stentry>
<stentry>The name of the event represented by this element.<indexterm>name
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="name-param">
<stentry>name</stentry>
<stentry>The name of the parameter.<indexterm>name attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="name-othermeta">
<stentry>name</stentry>
<stentry>The name of the metadata property.<indexterm>name attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="name-audience">
<stentry>name</stentry>
<stentry>Used to associate the audience element with values used in the audience
attribute<indexterm id="att-name-audience">name attribute<indexterm>audience</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#REQUIRED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="nameend">
<stentry>nameend</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies the last logical column that is included in a horizontal
span.<indexterm id="att-nameend">nameend attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="namest">
<stentry>namest</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies the first logical column that is included in a horizontal
span.<indexterm id="att-namest">namest attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="navtitle">
<stentry>navtitle</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies the title of the topic as it will appear in navigation
or tables of contents generated from the map.<indexterm id="att-navtitle">navtitle
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="navtitle-topichead">
<stentry>navtitle</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies a title that will appear in navigation
or tables of contents generated from the map.<indexterm>navtitle
attribute<indexterm>topichead</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="otherjob">
<stentry>otherjob</stentry>
<stentry>If the job attribute value is &quot;other&quot; the value of this
attribute is used to identify a kind of job other than the default ones provided
by the job attribute. <indexterm id="att-otherjob">otherjob attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="otherprops">
<stentry>otherprops</stentry>
<stentry>This attribute can be used for any other properties that might be
needed to describe an audience, or to provide selection criteria for the
element. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/propertyvalueattr"></ph> <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/may-inherit"/>
<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/space-delimited-property"/><indexterm
id="att-otherprops">otherprops attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry> #IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="otherrole">
<stentry>otherrole</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates an alternate role. This value is used when the role attribute
is set to other.<indexterm id="att-otherrole">otherrole attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="othertype-audience">
<stentry>othertype</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates an alternate audience type, when the type is not available
in the type attribute value list. This value is used as the user-provided
audience when the type attribute value is set to &quot;other.&quot;<indexterm
id="att-othertype">othertype attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="othertype-note">
<stentry>othertype</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates an alternate note type, when the type is not available
in the type attribute value list. This value is used as the user-provided
note title when the type attribute value is set to &quot;other.&quot;<indexterm
id="att-othertype-note">othertype attribute<indexterm>note</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="outputclass">
<stentry>outputclass</stentry>
<stentry>Names a role that the element is playing. The role must be consistent
with the basic semantic and expectations for the element. In particular, the
outputclass attribute can be used for styling during output processing; HTML
output will typically preserve outputclass for CSS processing.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="placement">
<stentry>placement</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates whether an image should be displayed inline or separated
from the surrounding text. The processing default is inline. Allowable values are: inline
or break. See <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita"/> for
more information on the conref value.<indexterm id="att-placement">placement
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(inline | break | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>inline</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="platform">
<stentry>platform</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates operating system and hardware. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/propertyvalueattr"></ph> <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/may-inherit"/>
<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/space-delimited-property"/><indexterm
id="att-platform">platform attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry> #IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="print">
<stentry>print</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies whether the topic should be included in a portable document
format (PDF) file. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/inherit-in-map"/><dl><dlentry>
<dt>yes</dt>
<dd>Include the topic in a PDF file.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>no</dt>
<dd>Do not include the topic in a PDF file.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>printonly</dt>
<dd>Directs processing to skip the parent topic for non-print outputs of map.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-print">print attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(yes | no | printonly | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="product">
<stentry>product</stentry>
<stentry>Contains the name of the product to which the topic applies. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/propertyvalueattr"></ph>
<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/may-inherit"/> <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/space-delimited-property"/><indexterm
id="att-product">product attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry> #IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="query">
<stentry>query</stentry>
<stentry>This attribute is deprecated. It may be removed
in the future.<indexterm>query attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="refcols">
<stentry>refcols</stentry>
<stentry>Designates columns that contain references, and are candidates for
automated linking. Columns are identified by a space-delimited list of numbers
(for example: <codeph>1 3</codeph>).<indexterm id="att-refcols">refcols attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKENS</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="reftitle">
<stentry>reftitle</stentry>
<stentry>The title of the document or topic being quoted.<indexterm id="att-reftitle">reftitle
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="relcolwidth">
<stentry>relcolwidth</stentry>
<stentry>A relative value to specify the width of a column in relationship
to the width of the other columns. The values are totaled and made a percent.
For example: <codeblock>relcolwidth=&quot;1* 2* 3*&quot;</codeblock> causes
widths of 16.7%, 33.3%, and 66.7%. <codeblock>relcolwidth=&quot;90* 150*&quot;</codeblock> causes
width of 37.5% and 62.5%.<indexterm id="att-relcolwidth">relcolwidth attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="release">
<stentry>release</stentry>
<stentry>Contains the product release identifier.<indexterm id="att-release">release
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="remap">
<stentry>remap</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the element that the contents of the required-cleanup element
were mapped from (provides an idea about what the new intent should be).<indexterm
id="att-remap">remap attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="rev">
<stentry>rev</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates revision level of an element. It is useful for flagging
outputs based on revision.  <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/may-inherit"/><indexterm id="att-rev">rev attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA </stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="role">
<stentry>role</stentry>
<stentry><ph id="role-description">The role attribute defines the role the
target topic plays in relationship with the current topic. For example, in
a parent/child relationship, the role would be &quot;parent&quot; when the
target is the parent of the current topic, and &quot;child&quot; when the
target is the child of the current topic. This structure could be used to
sort and classify links at display time. </ph> See <xref href="theroleattribute.dita"></xref> for
information on supported values.</stentry>
<stentry>(parent | child | sibling | friend | next | previous | cousin | ancestor
| descendant | <i>               <keyword>sample | external | [deprecated]</keyword> 
           </i> other | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="rowheader">
<stentry>rowheader</stentry>
<stentry>This attribute specifies whether the content of the first column
in a table contains row headings. In the same way that a column header introduces
a table column, the row header introduces the table row. This attribute makes
tables whose first column contains row headings more readable on output. Allowable
values are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>firstcol</dt>
<dd>The first column contains the row headings.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>norowheader</dt>
<dd>Indicates that no column contains row headings. This is the processing default.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-rowheader">rowheader attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(firstCol | norowheader| -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="rowsep">
<stentry>rowsep</stentry>
<stentry>Row separator. A value of 0 indicates no separators; 1 indicates
separators.<indexterm id="att-rowsep">rowsep attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="scale">
<stentry>scale</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies a percentage, selected from an enumerated list, that is
used to resize fonts in relation to the normal text size. <ph otherprops="outputlimits">This
attribute is primarily useful for print-oriented display.</ph><p>The scale
attribute provides an acknowledged style-based property directly on DITA elements.
For the table and fig elements, the intent of the property is to allow authors
to adjust font sizes on the content of the containing element, primarily for
print accomodation. An image in these contexts is to be scaled only by its
own direct scale property. If not specifically scaled, such an image is unchanged
by the scale property of its parent table or fig.</p><indexterm id="att-scale">scale
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(50 | 60 | 70 | 80 | 90 | 100 | 110 | 120 | 140 | 160 | 180 | 200
| <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-conref-target</xref>)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="scale-image" rev="1.1">
<stentry>scale</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies a percentage by which to scale the
image in the absence of any specified image height or
width; a value of 100 implies that the image should be
presented at its intrinsic size.  If a value has been
specified for this image's height or width attribute
(or both), the scale attribute is ignored.<indexterm>scale
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN whose value space is an unsigned integer</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="scope">
<stentry>scope</stentry>
<stentry>The scope attribute identifies the closeness of the relationship
between the current document and the target resource. <ul>
<li>Set scope to <codeph>local</codeph> when the resource is part of the current
set of content.</li>
<li> Set scope to <codeph>peer</codeph> when the resource is part of the current
set of content but is not accessible at build time.</li>
<li> Set scope to <codeph>external</codeph> when the resource is not part
of the current information set and should open in a new browser window.</li>
<li>See <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita"/> for more information
on -dita-use-conref-target.</li>
</ul> The processing default is <codeph>local</codeph>.  <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/may-inherit"/><indexterm id="att-scope">scope
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(local | peer | external | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="search">
<stentry>search</stentry>
<stentry>Describes whether the target is available for searching. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/inherit-in-map"/><dl><dlentry>
<dt>yes</dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>no</dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-conref-target</xref></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-search">search attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(yes | no | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="specentry">
<stentry>specentry</stentry>
<stentry>The specialized entry attribute allows architects of specialized
types to define a fixed or default header title for a specialized stentry
element. Not intended for direct use by authors.<indexterm id="att-specentry">specentry
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="spectitle">
<stentry>spectitle</stentry>
<stentry>The specialized title attribute allows architects of specialized
types to define a fixed or default title for a specialized element. Not intended
for direct use by authors.<indexterm id="att-spectitle">spectitle attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="standby">
<stentry>standby</stentry>
<stentry>Contains a message to be displayed while an object is loading.<indexterm
id="att-standby">standby attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="state">
<stentry>state</stentry>
<stentry>The state of the boolean element. Allowable values are: yes no<indexterm
id="att-state">state attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(yes | no | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="status">
<stentry>status</stentry>
<stentry>The status of the current element. <indexterm id="att-status">status
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>new | changed | deleted | unchanged | -dita-use-conref-target</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="tabindex">
<stentry>tabindex</stentry>
<stentry>Position the object in tabbing order.<indexterm id="att-tabindex">tabindex
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="time">
<stentry>time</stentry>
<stentry>Describes when the draft comment was created.<indexterm id="att-time">time
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="title">
<stentry>title</stentry>
<stentry>An identifying title for this element.<indexterm id="att-title">title
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="title-map" rev="1.1">
<stentry>title</stentry>
<stentry>An identifying title for the map. May be used or ignored, depending on
the capabilities of the display mechanism. Note that in DITA 1.1, the map
can include a title element, which is preferred over the title attribute.<indexterm>title attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="tmclass">
<stentry>tmclass</stentry>
<stentry>Classification of the trademark. This may used to differentiate
different groupings of trademarks.<indexterm id="att-tmclass">tmclass
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="tmowner">
<stentry>tmowner</stentry>
<stentry>The trademark owner, for example &quot;OASIS&quot;<indexterm id="att-tmowner">tmowner
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="tmtype">
<stentry>tmtype</stentry>
<stentry>The trademark type: trademark, registered trademark, or service mark<indexterm
id="att-tmtype">tmtype attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>(tm | reg | service | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="toc">
<stentry>toc</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies whether a topic appears in the table of contents (toc). <ph id="inherit-in-map">If the value is not
specified locally, but it specified on an ancestor, it will inherit the value of on the ancestor.</ph><indexterm>toc
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(yes | no | <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-conref-target</xref>)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="toc-default-no">
<stentry>toc</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies whether a topic appears in the table of contents (toc).
This value defaults to no for elements such as reltable, which typically cannot
appear in the toc.<indexterm>toc attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(yes | no | <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-conref-target</xref>)</stentry>
<stentry>"no"</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="trademark">
<stentry>trademark</stentry>
<stentry>The trademarked term<indexterm id="att-trademark">trademark attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="translate">
<stentry>translate</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates whether the content of the element should be translated
or not. The DITA architectural specification contains a list of each OASIS DITA
element and its common processing default for the translate value.<indexterm>translate attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>yes | no  | <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-conref-target</xref></stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="translate-default-no">
<stentry>translate</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates whether the content of the element should be translated
or not. Setting to "yes" will override the default. The DITA architectural specification contains a list of each OASIS DITA
element and its common processing default for the translate value; because this
element uses an actual default, it will always be treated as translate="no" unless
overridden as described.</stentry>
<stentry>yes | no | <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-conref-target</xref></stentry>
<stentry>"no"</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="translate-content">
<stentry>translate-content</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates whether the content attribute of the defined metadata property
should be translated or not.<indexterm id="att-translate-content">translate-content
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>yes | no | <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-conref-target</xref></stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="type">
<stentry>type</stentry>
<stentry>Describes the target of a cross-reference. See <xref href="thetypeattribute.dita"></xref> for
detailed information on supported values and processing implications.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED (Processed as if the target were of type "topic", or inherited from an ancestor)</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="type-audience">
<stentry>type</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the kind of person for whom the content of the topic is
intended. <ph id="nonstandard-type">Note that this differs from the type
attribute on many other DITA elements.</ph> Allowable values are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>user</dt>
<dd>A user of the product</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>purchaser</dt>
<dd>A product purchaser</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>administrator</dt>
<dd>A product administrator</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>programmer</dt>
<dd>A programmer</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>executive</dt>
<dd>An executive</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>services</dt>
<dd>Someone who provides services related to the product</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>other</dt>
<dd>Use the value specified by the othertype attribute</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-type-audience">type attribute<indexterm>audience</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(user | purchaser | administrator | programmer | executive | services
| other | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="type-author">
<stentry>type</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the primary author of the content. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/nonstandard-type"/> Allowable values are:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>creator</dt>
<dd>The primary or original author of the content.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>contributor</dt>
<dd>An additional author who is not primary.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-type-author">type attribute<indexterm>author</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(creator | contributor | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="type-copyright">
<stentry>type</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the legal status of the copyright holder. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/nonstandard-type"/> Allowable values
are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>primary</dt>
<dd>The copyright holder with first claim on the copyright</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>secondary</dt>
<dd>An additional copyright holder who is not primary</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-type-copyright">type attribute<indexterm>copyright</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(primary | secondary | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="type-note">
<stentry>type</stentry>
<stentry>Defines the type of a note. For example, if the note is a tip, the
word <b>Tip</b> is used to draw the reader&apos;s attention to it. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/nonstandard-type"/> See <xref
href="thetypeattribute.dita"></xref> for detailed information on supported
values and processing implications.</stentry>
<stentry>(note | tip | fastpath | restriction | important | remember | attention
| caution | danger | other | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="type-lq">
<stentry>type</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the location of the source of the quote. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/nonstandard-type"/> Allowable values
are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>external</dt>
<dd>the href is to a Web site</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>internal</dt>
<dd>the href is to a DITA topic</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>bibliographic</dt>
<dd>the href is to a specialized bibliographic topic. There is not currently
a standard bibliographic topic type at OASIS.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-type-lq">type attribute<indexterm>lq</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(external | internal | bibliographic | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="type-object">
<stentry>type</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the content type for the data specified by the data attribute.
This attribute should be set when the data attribute is set to avoid loading
unsupported content types. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/nonstandard-type"/><indexterm id="att-type-object">type attribute<indexterm>object</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED (No default type)</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="type-param">
<stentry>type</stentry>
<stentry>This attribute specifies the content type of the resource designated
by the value attribute only in the case where <varname>valuetype</varname> is
set to <q>ref</q>. This attribute specifies for the user agent the type of
values that will be found at the URI designated by value. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/nonstandard-type"/><indexterm>type
attribute<indexterm>param</indexterm></indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED (No default type)</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="usemap">
<stentry>usemap</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates that a client-side image map is to be used. An image map
specifies active geometric regions of an included object and assigns a link
to each region. When a link is selected, a document may be retrieved or a
program may run on the server.<indexterm id="att-usemap">usemap attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry> No </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="valign">
<stentry>valign</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the vertical alignment of text in a table entry (cell).
Allowable values are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>top</dt>
<dd>Align the text to the top of the table entry (cell).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>bottom</dt>
<dd>Align the text to the bottom of the table entry (cell).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>middle</dt>
<dd>Align the text to the middle of the table entry (cell).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-valign">valign attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(top | bottom | middle | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="value">
<stentry>value</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies the value of a run-time parameter specified by the name
attribute.<indexterm id="att-value">value attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="value-state">
<stentry>value</stentry>
<stentry>The state of the property identified by the name attribute.<indexterm>value
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="value-publishtype">
<stentry>value</stentry>
<stentry>Describes the status of this publication. Values are beta,
limited, general, and <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-conref-target</xref>.<indexterm>value
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>(beta | limited | general | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="value-bookrestriction">
<stentry>value</stentry>
<stentry>Describes restrictions on this version of the publication. Values are confidential, restricted,
licensed, unclassified, and <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-conref-target</xref>.<indexterm>value
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(confidential | restricted | licensed | unclassified | 
-dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>(beta | limited | general | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="valuetype">
<stentry>valuetype</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies the type of the value attribute. Allowed values are: <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>data</dt>
<dd>A value of data means that the value will be evaluated and passed to the
object&apos;s implementation as a string. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>ref</dt>
<dd>A value of ref indicates that the value of valuetype is a URL that designates
a resource where run-time values are stored. This allows support tools to
identify URLs that are given as parameters.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>object</dt>
<dd>A value of object indicates that the value of valuetype is an identifier
that refers to an object declaration in the document. The identifier must
be the value of the ID attribute set for the declared object element.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-valuetype">valuetype attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="version">
<stentry>version</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the released version number of the product(s) that the
document describes.<indexterm id="att-version">version attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="view">
<stentry>view</stentry>
<stentry>Defines the classifications of viewers allowed to view the document.
Allowable values are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>internal</dt>
<dd>For internal use only.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>classified</dt>
<dd>For a certain group, only.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>all</dt>
<dd>The world.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>entitled</dt>
<dd>Special folks, only.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-view">view attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(internal | classified | all | entitled | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="width" rev="1.1">
<stentry>width</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the horizontal dimension for the resulting image
display. If necessary, the image is scaled to the specified
size. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/height-width-units"/> If a width value is specified and no height value is specified,
the height will be scaled by the same factor as the
width. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/height-width-scale-warning"/><indexterm>width
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="width-object" rev="1.1">
<stentry>width</stentry>
<stentry>Indicates the horizontal dimension for the resulting object
display. If necessary, the object is scaled to the specified
size. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/height-width-units"/> If a width value is specified and no height value is specified,
the height will be scaled by the same factor as the
width. <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/height-width-scale-warning"/><indexterm>width
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<!--<strow id="workflow">
<stentry>workflow</stentry>
<stentry>Defines what stage the topic is in, and who currently has control
of the document in terms of its lifecycle (from being authored through being
published). Allowable values are:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>author</dt>
<dd>The topic is being authored.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>editor</dt>
<dd>The topic is being edited.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>reviewer</dt>
<dd>The topic is being reviewed.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>publisher</dt>
<dd>The topic is ready for publishing, or has been published (released).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry conref="#commonLRdefs/ditauseconref">
<dt></dt>
<dd></dd>
</dlentry></dl><indexterm id="att-workflow">workflow attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(author | editor | reviewer | publisher | -dita-use-conref-target)</stentry>
<stentry>             <q>author</q>           </stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>-->
<strow id="xmllang">
<stentry>xml:lang</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies the language of the element content. When no xml:lang value
is supplied, the default value of English is assumed. For example, if there
is a note element with the attribute xml:lang set to the value &quot;es,&quot;
then the label on the note, which normally appears as &quot;Note&quot; will now
appear in Spanish as &quot;Nota.&quot; The allowed xml:lang values are
based on <!--ISO-3166 Country Codes and RFC 3066 Language Codes-->
RFC 4646 Tags for Identifying Languages (see <xref format="html"
href="http://www.w3.org/International/articles/language-tags/" scope="external">W3C:
Language tags in HTML and XML</xref>).<indexterm id="att-xmllang">xml:lang
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry><ph>#IMPLIED<!--ar-eg | nl-be | fr-be | pt-br | bg-bg | ca-es | en-ca | fr-ca | hr-hr | cs-cz | da-dk | nl-nl | en-us | et-ee | fi-fi | fr-fr | de-de | el-gr | he-il | hu-hu | is-is | it-it | ja-jp | ko-kr | lv-lv | lt-lt | mk-mk | no-no | pl-pl | pt-pt | ro-ro| ru-ru | zh-cn | sr-sp | fr-ch | de-ch | it-ch | sk-sk | sl-si | es-es | sv-se | zh-tw | th-th | tr-tr | en-gb--></ph
></stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="xmlspace">
<stentry>xml:space</stentry>
<stentry>This attribute is provided on &lt;<keyword>pre</keyword>&gt;, &lt;<keyword>lines</keyword>&gt;,
and on elements specialized from them. It ensures that parsers in editors
and transforms respect the line-end characters that are part of the data in
those elements. It is intended to be part of the default properties of these
elements, and not for authors to change or delete.<indexterm id="att-xmlspace">xml:space
attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(preserve)</stentry>
<stentry>#FIXED &apos;preserve&apos;</stentry>
<stentry> Yes </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="year">
<stentry>year</stentry>
<stentry>The year in YYYY format.<indexterm id="att-year">year attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>Yes</stentry>
</strow>
<!-- new attributes for DITA 1.1 -->
<strow id="xtrc">
<stentry>xtrc</stentry>
<stentry>&quot;xml-trace-counter&quot;--used in processing only.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="xtrf">
<stentry>xtrc</stentry>
<stentry>&quot;xml-trace-filename&quot;--used in processing only.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="base" rev="1.1">
<stentry>base</stentry>
<stentry><indexterm>base attribute</indexterm><indexterm>Attribute
specialization</indexterm><indexterm>Specializable attributes</indexterm>A generic attribute that has no specific purpose, but is intended
to act as a base for specialized attributes that have a simple value syntax
like the conditional processing attributes (one or more alphanumeric values
separated by whitespace). <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/space-plus-generalize"/></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="props" rev="1.1">
<stentry>props</stentry>
<stentry><indexterm>props attribute</indexterm><indexterm>Attribute
specialization</indexterm><indexterm>Specializable attributes</indexterm>Root attribute from which new metadata attributes can be specialized.
<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/propertyvalueattr"></ph> <ph conref="#commonLRdefs/may-inherit"/>
<ph conref="#commonLRdefs/space-plus-generalize"/></stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="pgwide">
<stentry>pgwide</stentry>
<stentry>Determines the horizontal placement of the element. Supported values
are 1 and 0, although these are not mandated by the DTD.<p>For PDF, the value &quot;1&quot;
places the element on the left page margin; &quot;0&quot; aligns the element
with the left margin of the current text line and takes indention into account.</p><p>For
XHTML, the table surrounds the table data. Either value sets the table width
to 100%.</p><indexterm id="att-pgwide">pgwide attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry> NMTOKEN</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="datatype">
<stentry>datatype</stentry>
<stentry>Describes the type of data contained in the value attribute or within
the data element. A typical use of datatype will be the identifying URI for
an XML Schema datatype.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="xmlnsditaarch">
<stentry>xmlns:ditaarch</stentry>
<stentry>Declares the default DITA namespace.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#FIXED http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/</stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="localization-atts">
<stentry>%localization-atts; (translate, xml:lang, dir)</stentry>
<stentry> A set of related attributes, described at <xref href="localization-atts.dita"></xref>.
</stentry>
<stentry>parameter entity</stentry>
<stentry>             <ph>               <i>                 <keyword>PE not
applicable</keyword>               </i>             </ph>           </stentry>
<stentry>Not applicable </stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="dir">
<stentry>dir</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies the directionality of text: left-to-right (ltr, the processing
default) or right-to-left (rtl). See the DITA Architectural Specification
for best practices related to this attribute, and other aspects of DITA and translation.<indexterm
id="att-dir">dir attribute</indexterm></stentry>
<stentry>(ltr | rtl | lro | rlo | <xref href="ditauseconreftarget.dita">-dita-use-conref-target</xref>)</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="start">
<stentry>start</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies that an index entry is positioned at the beginning of a
range. See the description of &lt;indexterm> for more information.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
<strow id="end">
<stentry>end</stentry>
<stentry>Specifies that an index entry is positioned at the end of a range;
value matches the start attribute on another indexterm. See the description
of &lt;indexterm> for more information.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>No</stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable>     </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000087515?>
