<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "topic.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<topic id="task_shortdesc" xml:lang="en-us"><?Pub Caret1?>
<title>Guidelines for task short descriptions</title>
<shortdesc>Always use the &lt;shortdesc> element in a task topic. The short
description must make sense both as the opening text of the topic and as pop-up
text over a related link.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<author>Guidelines owner: Michelle Carey, from Content Workgroup</author>
<critdates><created date="18 May 2004"/></critdates>
<metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>task short descriptions, guidelines</indexterm><indexterm>short
descriptions, task guidelines</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<body>
<section><title>Length</title><p id="tlength">The short description should
be a single, concise paragraph containing one or two sentences of no more
than 50 words.</p></section>
<section><title>What to say</title><p id="twhattosay">The short description
should explain what the task information helps users accomplish, the benefits
of the task, or the purpose of the task. Do not simply repeat the title. Try
to include information that will help users understand when the task is appropriate
or why the task is necessary. Avoid stating the obvious, such as <q>You can
use XYZ to do A</q> as the only statement in the short description for Task
A. In some cases, add more information about why the task is beneficial.</p><p><b>Example
of an ineffective short description</b><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Changing data types</dt>
<dd>You can use the ALTER NICKNAME statement to change the data type of a
column.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p><p>This short description is not as useful as it could
be because it does not tell users the benefit or purpose of changing the data
type.</p><p><b>Example of an effective short description</b><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Changing data types</dt>
<dd>You can change the data type of a column so that your data types are consistent
across tables. Use the ALTER NICKNAME statement to change the data type of
a column.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p><p>The effective short description is better because it
states why changing the data type is important. The second sentence explains
how to change the data type.</p></section>
<section><title>Phrasing</title><p id="tphrasing">Do not use sentence fragments.
Use complete sentences. Avoid starting short descriptions with phrases such
as <q>This topic describes . . . .</q> or <q>This topic is about . . . .</q></p></section>
<section><title>Examples of short descriptions in super tasks</title><p id="supertask_ex">A
supertask is a topic that lists tasks that show users how to reach a specific
goal. In each example, the first paragraph is the short description for the
supertask topic. The ordered list in the example provides the topic title
and that topic's short description.</p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Enabling a federated system for DB2 Cube Views</dt>
<dd><p>To enable the federated system for DB2 Cube Views, you must define
the remote data source, define nicknames on the federated server, and define
informational constraints on the nicknames.</p><p>To enable a remote data
source for DB2 Cube Views:</p><ol>
<li><lines><b>Defining remote data sources</b>
To define and configure a federated server for DB2 Cube Views, you provide the
federated server with information about the remote data sources and objects
that you want to access.</lines></li>
<li><lines><b>Defining nicknames for remote tables for DB2 Cube Views</b>
You can define nicknames for each remote table that is part of the star schema
or snowflake schema that you are creating on your federated server. DB2 Cube
Views requires the nicknames to work with the remote tables.</lines></li>
<li><lines><b>Defining informational constraints on nicknames for DB2 Cube Views</b>
To improve query performance, you can define informational constraints to describe
relationships between your data. You can define informational constraints for the
foreign keys between tables in the star schema or the snowflake schema on the
federated server.</lines></li>
</ol></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Creating a complete cube model</dt>
<dd><p>To create a complete cube model, you create an empty cube model. Then,
you add a facts object, dimensions, and hierarchies and levels for each dimension
in that cube model. Cube models define the relationships between the relational
data in your star schema or snowflake schema so that you can optimize query
performance for your relational data.</p><p>To create a complete cube model:</p><ol>
<li><lines><b>Creating a cube model</b>
You can create a cube model to group relevant dimension objects around a
central facts object.</lines></li>
<li><lines><b>Creating a facts object</b>
You can create a facts object as part of an existing cube model. A facts
object groups related measures that are interesting to a given application.
A facts object is used in a cube model as the center of a star schema.
You can create simple and calculated measures.</lines></li>
<li><lines><b>Creating a dimension</b>
You can create a dimension as part of a cube model, or you can create a
dimension that you want to use at a later time.</lines></li>
<li><lines><b>Creating a hierarchy for a dimension</b>
You can create a hierarchy that defines relationships between two or more
levels within a given dimension of a cube model. You can also define a hierarchy
that uses only one level. Defining these relationships provides a navigational
and computational means of traversing the specified dimension. For example, a
CalendarYear hierarchy might contain levels like Year, Quarter, and Month.</lines></li>
<li><lines><b>Creating levels for each hierarchy</b>
You can create levels that define relationships between a set of related
attributes. When possible, DB2 Cube Views creates functional dependencies
that define the relationship between the level attributes.</lines></li>
</ol></dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<section id="goodexamples"><title>Examples of effective short descriptions</title><p>Topic
titles are in bold. Short descriptions are in plain text. Highlighting in
a short description will not appear in the pop-up text over a related link.<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Creating a Q subscription</dt>
<dd><p>By creating a Q subscription, you define how data from a source table
is replicated to a target table or is passed to parameters in a stored procedure.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Applying hit counts to process breakpoints (BPEL)</dt>
<dd><p>In the Breakpoints view, you can apply hit counts so that breakpoints
can be processed. When you specify a hit count for a breakpoint and that hit
count is reached, the breakpoint stops the thread.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Generating deployment code for imported enterprise bean</dt>
<dd><p>If you generate a service for an imported enterprise bean and you want
to test the deployment code for the service, you must generate deployment
code for the imported enterprise bean so that it can be run on the test server.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
<section id="badexamples"><title>Examples of ineffective short descriptions</title><p>Topic
titles are in bold. Short descriptions are in plain text. Highlighting in
a short description will not appear in the pop-up text over a related link.<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Creating a single Q subscription</dt>
<dd>You can create a Q subscription from the Subscription wizard. <p>This
short description does not tell why creating a Q subscription is important
or beneficial. Compare this short description with the same one in <xref href="#task_shortdesc/goodexamples"
scope="peer" type="section">Examples of good short descriptions</xref>.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Connecting to a network</dt>
<dd>Shows you how to create network connections.<p>This short description
is a fragment, does not supply enough information, and simply repeats the
title.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Importing an enterprise bean JAR file</dt>
<dd>Enterprise beans can be imported from an enterprise bean JAR file. <p>Why
or when should users perform this function? Because this short description
uses passive, users will not understand who or what performs the action.</p></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Adding crawlers to a collection</dt>
<dd>You can use the following methods to add one or more crawlers to a collection: <p>Avoid
adding a list or table lead-in sentence to a short description. You cannot
add an &lt;ol> or &lt;ul> element inside a short description element. If you
add a list or table lead-in sentence and then add the list or table to the
next available element, the list or table will not be logically associated
with the &lt;shortdesc> element. Such a structure is semantically incorrect.
You will not be able to reuse the list or table with its lead-in sentence.
Also, this short description will not make sense in pop-up text for a related
link.</p></dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
</body>
</topic>
<?Pub *0000009057?>
