<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="AccessAnimations" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Accessibility: Animations</title>
<shortdesc>This describes techniques and implementation tips to meet IBM Web
Accessibility for animations.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Accessibility<indexterm>Animations</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>Animations<indexterm>Accessibility:</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><title>Advertising banners</title><p><b>Source:</b>  <xref format="html"
href="http://w3.austin.ibm.com/~snsinfo/devtest/webimages.html" scope="external">Images
and Animations checkpoint</xref>.</p><p>For animated images, such as an advertising
banner, equivalent alternative text must be assigned to each image, and it
must include all important information that is conveyed by the image. Typically,
unimportant information is considered to be aspects of the banner that do
not convey information needed to understand the advertisement. </p><p>In some
cases, the alternative text might be extremely lengthy and appear on several
related web pages. As a result, it may be annoying to listen to the alternative
text each time a related page opens. WAI guidelines recommend using less than
150 characters when dealing with alternative text. For cases in which a long
description is needed, include a D-link in the advertising banner instead
of alternative text.</p></section>
<section><title>Code example</title><codeblock>&lt;img src="125eseed8.gif" alt="www.eseeds.com is an IBM e-business. 
Click here to make the garden grow. 
eSeeds flourishing online business was 
cultivated by expert hands. e-business, sprout, and IBM logos"&gt;</codeblock><p>To
view the animation that uses the above alternative text, click the following
link  <xref format="html" href="http://w3.austin.ibm.com/~snsinfo/devtest/webimages.html"
scope="external"></xref></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
