<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="AccessImageMaps" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Accessibility: Image Maps</title>
<shortdesc>This describes techniques and implementation tips to meet IBM Web
Accessibility for image maps.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Accessibility<indexterm>Image Maps</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>Image Maps</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>An image map is a graphic that contains hot spots the user can
click to see different Web pages. The graphic might be an actual map (for
example, a map of the world) or a series of navigation items.</p><p>There
are 2 types of image maps. The difference is based on how the image is processed
to determine which page should be loaded when the user clicks the image:</p><ul>
<li> <b>Client-side image maps</b> are completely self-contained within the
HTML document and are interpreted by the browser on the user's computer.</li>
<li> <b>Server-side image maps</b> send the coordinates from the mouse click
to the server where they are interpreted (you can tell when you are looking
at a server-side image map in a browser because the mouse coordinates are
displayed as you move the mouse pointer over the image). Because all the link
information and processing is on the server, there is no way to provide alternative
text for server-side image map links.</li>
</ul></section>
<section><title>Implementation tips</title><p>When using a  <b>client-side
image map,</b> provide alternative text for the image map and for each of
its hot spot links. Duplicate text links are not required. However, if there
is a duplicate text link for each hot spot and it goes to the same page as
the hot spot, you can use null alt text for the image map and the map links.</p><p>Use
a  <b>server-side image map</b> only if the regions cannot be defined by an
available geometric shape (for example, an image map of the world, in which
each country is a hot spot). If a server-side image map is needed, provide
a list of equivalent text links (one link for each hot spot in the map) that
can be accessed by screen readers and other text-only browsers.</p><p>Keep
the tab order for the image map logical.</p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
