<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="ditagdwhatsnew" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>What's new</title>
<shortdesc>Learn what's new and different in this DITA release.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p rev="rel384"><b>For release 3.8.4:</b><ul compact="no">
<li>The IBM version of DITA 1.3.2 was merged with the OASIS version of DITA. <ul>
<li>On the <xref href="table.dita">Table</xref> element, the Expanse attribute
has changed to PGWide.</li>
<li>The <xref href="spanspec.dita">SpanSpec</xref> and <xref href="tfoot.dita">TFoot</xref> elements
are not part of the OASIS specification.</li>
<li>For additional information, see the OASIS DITA specification: <xref format="html"
href="http://www.oasis-open.org/committees/tc_home.php?wg_abbrev=dita" scope="external">OASIS
Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA) TC</xref> (http://www.oasis-open.org/committees/tc_home.php?wg_abbrev=dita). </li>
</ul></li>
<li>IBM additions for this release are:<ul>
<li>In DITA topics: <xref href="calloutlabel.dita">calloutlabel</xref> represents
a graphic or program listing callout. It is usually a reverse-image letter
or number.</li>
<li>In DITA maps: <ul>
<li><xref href="metacategory.dita">metacategory</xref> groups a category of
metadata, such as SDF metadata, package metadata, or translation metadata.</li>
<li><xref href="metaproperty.dita">metaproperty</xref> defines the properties
of a set of metadata.</li>
<li><xref href="metatext.dita">metatext</xref> contains a text description
of a metadata property.</li>
<li><xref href="metatextval.dita">metatextval</xref> defines a text description
of a metadata property.</li>
<li><xref href="overrideShortdesc.dita">overrideShortdesc</xref> allows you
to force a short description into a topic, regardless of the locktitle and
lockmeta attribute values.</li>
<li><xref href="overrideTitle.dita">overrideTitle</xref> allows you to force
a title or heading into a topic, regardless of the locktitle and lockmeta
attribute values.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></li>
<li>You can use the topicref element to support merging multiple maps into
a single unit.  This differs from maplist, which keeps each map separate.
See <xref href="tasks/cremainmap.dita#cremainmap" type="task"></xref>.</li>
<li>All the <q>Contains</q> and <q>Contained by</q> information in the reference
topics is updated.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>For release 3.8.3: No changes to DITA itself. There are change to this
guide in terms of examples and descriptions.</p>
<p>For release 3.8.2:<ul>
<li>Alt: New to the Image element; the alt attribute is deprecated but still
supported. The alt element is the preferred way of indicating alternative
text for an image. See <xref href="concepts/images.dita"></xref></li>
<li>ImageMap: Supports the creation of client-side image maps. See <xref href="concepts/imagemaps.dita"></xref></li>
<li>PropHead: Property tables now have default headings. This allows you to
specify your own headings. </li>
</ul></p>
<p>The <xref href="keyword.dita"></xref> element can be used in more places
in your document. This allowing it to be more easily used as a content reference
source and target; for symbol-like instances. For examples, see: <xref href="concepts/conref.dita"></xref>.</p>
<p>Elements with attribute changes:<ul>
<li>These elements have an added outputclass attribute, to allow CSS settings
for their XHTML output: b, i, u, tt, sub, and sup.</li>
<li>These map relationship table elements have the following added attributes:<ul>
<li>Conref and ID attributes added to reltable, relrow, and relcell.</li>
<li>Platform, product, audience, rev, and otherprops added to relrow.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>The metadata element has an optional, additional mapkeyref attribute.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>Elements with processing updates:<ul>
<li>Codeblock: The scale attribute and the expanse attribute cause the content
to be scaled proportionately in the PDF output.</li>
<li>Phrases and keywords can have styles applied during PDF or other non-HTML
output; see <xref href="concepts/pdfout.dita#pdfout"></xref>.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>DITA maplists can now have relative directories; see <xref href="tutorials/tutmaplist.dita#maplistreldir"></xref>.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
