<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="dl" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword>dl</keyword></title>
<shortdesc>A definition list (&lt;<keyword>dl</keyword>&gt;) is a list of
terms and corresponding definitions.  The term (&lt;<keyword>dt</keyword>&gt;)
is usually flush left.  The description or definition (&lt;<keyword>dt</keyword>&gt;)
is usually either indented and on the next line, or on the same line to the
right of the term.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>dl (definition list)</indexterm><indexterm>definition
list (dl)</indexterm><indexterm>Body elements<indexterm>dl</indexterm> </indexterm>
<indexterm>dl</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section> <p>You can also provide an optional heading for the terms and definitions,
using the &lt;<keyword>dlhead</keyword>&gt; element, which contains header
elements for those columns.  The default formatting for the &lt;<keyword>dlhead</keyword>&gt;
looks like a table with a heading row.</p> </section>
<section conref="ibm-ditabase-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/dl-containedby"></section>
<section conref="ibm-ditabase-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/dl-contains"></section>
<section> <title>Attributes</title><simpletable id="dl_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/compact">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/spectitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/outputclass">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/class">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> </section>
<example> <codeblock>&lt;dl&gt;
&lt;dlentry&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;Bytes returned&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;The number of bytes of data returned.&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;/dlentry&gt;
&lt;dlentry&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;Bytes available&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;The number of bytes of data available to be returned.&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;/dlentry&gt;
&lt;dlentry&gt;&lt;dt&gt;Handle&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;The returned handle value&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;/dlentry&gt;
&lt;/dl&gt;</codeblock> <note product="idwb38" type="note">In the final output
(PDF, XHTML, etc), the default appearance of text-only definition terms is
bold. The only time they are not bold is if you have added some tagging to
the definition term. Here is an example of when the definition term would
not be bold in the output:<pre>...
&lt;dlentry&gt;&lt;dt&gt;Property One: &lt;varname&gt;value&lt;/varname&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;The first property.&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;/dlentry&gt;
...</pre>The bold effect is removed so that "value" will not be bold. To make
the phrase "Property One:" bold, you must add specific markup around it:<pre>...
&lt;dlentry&gt;&lt;dt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property One:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;varname&gt;value&lt;/varname&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;The first property.&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;/dlentry&gt;
...</pre>These examples are both represented in the following literal definition
list. The appearance here is typical of expected DITA output as XHTML or PDF:<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Property One: <varname>value</varname>                               
       </dt>
<dd>The first property.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>                                             <b>Property One:</b>    
                                         <varname>value</varname>        
                              </dt>
<dd>The first property.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>                     </note> </example>
</refbody>
</reference>
