<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="relcell" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword>relcell</keyword></title>
<shortdesc>A &lt;<keyword>relcell</keyword>&gt; element is a cell in the relationship
table. The &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt; elements it contains will be
related to topicrefs in other cells of the same row. By default, topicrefs
in the same cell are not related to each other, unless you change the relcell's
collection-type attribute to indicate that they are related.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>relcell</indexterm><indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>relcell</indexterm> </indexterm>
<indexterm>relcell</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section conref="ibm-map-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/relcell-containedby"></section>
<section conref="ibm-map-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/relcell-contains"></section>
<section> <title>Attributes</title><simpletable id="relcell_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*" rev="dita13">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/id-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/class">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> </section>
<example>In this example, a relationship table is defined with three columns;
one for "concept", one for "task", and one for "reference". Three cells are
defined within one row. The first cell contains one concept topic: batsonar.dita.
The second cell contains two task topics: batcaring.dita and batfeeding.dita.
The third cell contains two reference topics: batguano.dita and bathistory.dita. <codeblock>&lt;map&gt;
 &lt;reltable&gt;
  &lt;relheader&gt;
   &lt;relcolspec type="concept"&gt;
   &lt;relcolspec type="task"&gt;
   &lt;relcolspec type="reference"&gt;
  &lt;/relheader&gt;
  &lt;relrow&gt;
   &lt;relcell&gt;&lt;topicref href="batsonar.dita"/&gt;&lt;/relcell&gt;
   &lt;relcell&gt;&lt;topicref href="batcaring.dita"/&gt;&lt;topicref
   href="batfeeding.dita"/&gt;&lt;/relcell&gt;
   &lt;relcell&gt;&lt;topicref href="batguano.dita"/&gt;&lt;topicref
   href="bathistory.dita"/&gt;&lt;/relcell&gt;
  &lt;/relrow&gt;
 &lt;/reltable&gt;
&lt;/map&gt;</codeblock> </example>
</refbody>
</reference>
