<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="topicref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword>topicref</keyword></title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt; element designates a topic
(such as a concept, task, or reference) as a link in a DITA map. A &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;
can contain other&lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt; elements, allowing you
to express navigation or table-of-contents hierarchies, as well as implying
relationships between the containing &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt; and
its children. You can set the collection-type of a container &lt;<keyword>topicref</keyword>&gt;
to determine how its children are related to each other. Relationships end
up expressed as links in the output (with each participant in a relationship
having links to the other participants). </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topicref<indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>topicref</indexterm> </indexterm> </indexterm>
<indexterm>Map elements<indexterm>topicref</indexterm> </indexterm><indexterm>topicref</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section> <p>You can fine tune the output from your map by setting different
attributes on topicrefs: for example, the <i>                            
    <keyword>linking</keyword>                           </i> attribute controls
how its relationships to other topicrefs are expressed as links, and the <i> 
                               <keyword>toc</keyword>                    
      </i> attribute controls whether the topicref shows up in TOC or navigation
output.</p> </section>
<section conref="ibm-map-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/topicref-containedby"></section>
<section conref="ibm-map-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/topicref-contains"></section>
<section> <title>Attributes</title><simpletable id="topicref_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/navtitle">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/id">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/href">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keyref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/query">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/scope-topicref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/conref-topicref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/copy-to">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/topicref-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/select-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/class">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> </section>
<example>In this example, there are six topicrefs. They are nested and have
a hierarchical relationship. Bats.dita is the parent topic and the other topics
are its children.<codeblock>&lt;map title="Bats" Bats
 &lt;topicref href="bats.dita" type="topic"&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batcaring.dita" type="task"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batfeeding.dita" type="task"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batsonar.dita" type="concept"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="batguano.dita" type="reference"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="bathistory.dita" type="reference"&gt;&lt;/topicref&gt;
 &lt;/topicref&gt;
&lt;/map&gt;</codeblock><p><indexterm>override the generated link text</indexterm><indexterm>generated
link text, override the</indexterm><indexterm>link text, overriding the generated</indexterm>For
generated links, the link text defaults to the current topic's title, not
to the navtitle attribute. This is because links do not have the space restrictions
that tables of contents often have. To override the generated link text, use
linktext element in your topicref; for example:<codeblock>&lt;topicref href="myfile.dita" navtitle="short title">
  &lt;topicmeta><b>&lt;linktext>This is the link text 
  I want to use&lt;/linktext></b>&lt;/topicmeta>
&lt;/topicref></codeblock></p><p rev="rel384"><indexterm>combining DITA maps,
example</indexterm><indexterm>maps<indexterm>combining</indexterm></indexterm>This
example shows how to combine two DITA maps into one for processing. You can
use this instead of a maplist file. The hierarchies are logically combined.
The related links are logically combined as well. In this example, the batsrelated.ditamap
contains only a related links, and does not ned to be included in the table
of contents; so the toc=no attribute is added.<codeblock>&lt;map title="Bats combined">
  &lt;topicref format="ditamap" href="bats.ditamap">&lt;/topicref>
  &lt;topicref format="ditamap" href="batsrelated.ditamap" toc="no">&lt;/topicref>
&lt;/map></codeblock></p> </example>
</refbody>
</reference>
