<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "..\dtd\reference.dtd">
<reference id="xref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword>xref</keyword></title>
<shortdesc>Use the cross-reference (&lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>&gt;) element
to link to a different location within the current topic, or a different topic
within the same help system or DITA document. You can also point to external
sources, such as Web pages, or to a location in another topic as well. The <i> 
                   <keyword>href</keyword>               </i> attribute on
the &lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>&gt; element is used to create the link pointer,
or URL.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>xref (cross reference)</indexterm><indexterm>cross reference
(xref)</indexterm><indexterm>Body elements<indexterm>xref (cross reference)</indexterm> </indexterm>
<indexterm>xref (cross reference)</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section> <p>Typically it is best to restrict yourself to linking to reference
topics where the content of the target is clear from the &lt;<keyword>xref</keyword>&gt;'s
text, for example API names and their descriptions. With other information
types, it may be less clear to the user whether they should follow the link,
and often they will, thereby missing important information in following paragraphs.
Therefore it is a good idea to use <xref href="related-links.dita">related-links</xref> wherever
possible.</p> </section>
<section conref="ibm-ditabase-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/xref-containedby"></section>
<section conref="ibm-ditabase-contains.dita#commonCMdefs/xref-contains"></section>
<section> <title>Attributes</title><simpletable id="xref_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/href">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/keyref">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/type">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/format">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/scope">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/outputclass">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/class">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> </section>
<example> <p>Here's an example of a cross-reference to another topic; that
topic's title will be used as the link text.</p> <codeblock>&lt;p&gt;Background information about DITA is provided in the section titled
&lt;xref href="whatsdita.dita#tmmdita"&gt;&lt;/xref&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;</codeblock> <p>Here's
an example of a cross-reference to another topic; the supplied text will be
used as the link text</p> <codeblock>&lt;p&gt;&lt;xref href="whatsdita.dita#tmmdita"&gt;Background information about DITA&lt;/xref&gt; is provided
free of charge.&lt;/p&gt;</codeblock> <p>If you are linking to anything within
a topic, you should use the following format in the href attribute: <codeblock>filename.dita#topicid/elementid</codeblock> 
                   </p> <p>If you are linking within the same file, you can
leave off the "filename.dita" part. So, for a section with the ID "mysection",
you should use: <codeblock>#topicid/mysection  </codeblock>              
      </p> <p>For a list item within that section, assuming the item has an
ID of "mylist", use <codeblock>#topicid/mylist  </codeblock>             
       </p> <p>Regardless of how deeply the target element is nested, the
only important pieces are the ID of the containing topic, and the ID of the
target element. IDs in DITA need not be unique within a file, but they must
be unique within a topic, so you need to be sure that the topic ID is part
of your reference.</p> <p>If your URL has an ampersand in it; you need to
code that using the symbol. For example; for this URL:<codeblock>http://www.ibm.com/docview.wss?rs=757&amp;context=SSVNX5
</codeblock>You need to enter the &amp;amp; in the Href attribute as follows:<codeblock>&lt;xref href="http://www.ibm.com/docview.wss?rs=757<b>&amp;amp;</b
>context=SSVNX5"&gt;
Part number SSVNX5&lt;/xref&gt;</codeblock>                     </p> </example>
</refbody>
</reference>
