<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<concept id="aboutgroceryshopping_sample">
	<title>About the grocery shopping sample</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<author type="contributor">Richard Johnson</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-06-13"/>
			<revised modified="2007-04-15"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>grocery shopping sample</keyword>
				<indexterm>samples<indexterm>grocery shopping</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>grocery shopping sample</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section conref="../core_vocabulary/groceryshopping_sample.dita#groceryshopping_sample/groceryshopping_sample_term"/>
		<section>
			<title>Creating and processing the grocery shopping sample</title>
			<p>You will be working in the <filepath>DITASAMPLE_GROCERY_SOURCE</filepath> directory, which contains a number of subdirectories.</p>
			<p>Files in the <filepath>template</filepath> subdirectory provide you with a starting point for each file in your grocery shopping project. The first step in each task in this chapter is to copy a file from the <filepath>template</filepath> directory to the <filepath>working</filepath> directory. Then edit the "working" version of the file, as instructed.</p> 
			<p>If you need help along the way, you can use the files in the <filepath>completed</filepath> directory for reference.</p>
			<p>The Ant scripts (in the <filepath>ant_scripts</filepath> directory) assume you will process (build) the "working" version of the files. Ant scripts that build the "completed" files are also provided.</p>
			<p>If you follow the instructions in this chapter and the next ("Creating Maps") you will have your own working version of the sample, which you can modify to try and test DITA and Toolkit features not included in the sample files.</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
