<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<task id="creatingconcepts" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>Creating concepts</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Richard Johnson</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-06-14"/>
			<revised modified="2007-03-18"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>topic</keyword>
				<keyword>concept</keyword>
				<keyword>grocery shopping sample</keyword>
				<indexterm>concept topic 
				<indexterm>creating</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>creating<indexterm>concepts</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>In this topic you will create two concept topics based on templates already provided. You will be working in the 
		<filepath>DITASAMPLE_GROCERY_SOURCE</filepath> directory. This topic assumes you are familiar with the information in <xref href="aboutgroceryshopping_sample.dita">About the grocery shopping sample</xref>.</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Go to the <filepath>template/concepts</filepath> directory.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Copy the <filepath>about_cannedgoods.dita</filepath> file to the "working" directory (<filepath>working/concepts</filepath>).</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Using your authoring tool, open the "working" version of <filepath>about_cannedgoods.dita</filepath>.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>In the prolog section, change the text of the author element text to your name, the  copyrholder element text to your company name, and the revised element text to the current date.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>In the conbody section, add a paragraph element with some text about canned goods, and an unordered list with some reasons for buying canned goods.</cmd>
				<info>Here is a suggestion:
				<codeblock>
&lt;p&gt;Canned goods are easy-to-use and easy-to-store staples in most kitchens. 
Common canned goods available in almost any grocery store are beans, 
canned vegetables, and canned fruits.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;You can save money on canned goods by:
&lt;ul&gt;
&lt;li&gt;buying from chain or discount grocery stores&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;buying larger cans&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
				</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Save the changed file.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>If you have problems creating or validating your working file, compare it with the file by the same name in the <filepath>completed</filepath> directory.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Go back to the <filepath>template/concepts</filepath> directory.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Copy the <filepath>about_produce.dita</filepath> file to the "working" directory (<filepath>working/concepts</filepath>).</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Using your authoring tool, open the "working" version of <filepath>about_produce.dita</filepath>.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Edit the same prolog elements you did in the <filepath>about_cannedgoods.dita</filepath> file.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>In the conbody section of <filepath>about_produce.dita</filepath>, add a paragraph element with some text about produce.</cmd>
				<info>Here is a suggestion:
				<codeblock>
&lt;p&gt;One of the keys to good health is eating lots of produce. 
It pays to buy fresh fruits and vegetables and serve them often.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;You can save money by buying produce when it is in season.&lt;/p&gt;
				</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Save the changed file.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>If you have problems creating or validating your working file, compare it with the file by the same name in the <filepath>completed</filepath> directory.</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
