<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "../dtd/task.dtd">
<!-- 
This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net.
See the accompanying license.txt file for applicable licenses.
-->
<task id="creatingtopics" xml:lang="en-us">
	<title>Creating topics</title>
	<prolog>
		<author type="creator">Richard Johnson</author>
		<author type="contributor">Anna van Raaphorst</author>
		<publisher>OASIS (Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards)</publisher>
		<copyright>
			<copyryear year="2007"/>
			<copyrholder>VR Communications, Inc.</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<critdates>
			<created date="2006-06-12"/>
			<revised modified="2007-03-18"/>
		</critdates>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>topic</keyword>
				<keyword>grocery shopping sample</keyword>
				<indexterm>topic<indexterm>creating</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>creating<indexterm>topics</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
			<prodinfo>
				<prodname>DITA Open Toolkit</prodname>
				<vrmlist>
					<vrm version="1.4.1"/>
				</vrmlist>
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>In this topic you will create a simple DITA topic based on a template already provided. You will be working in the 
		<filepath>DITASAMPLE_GROCERY_SOURCE</filepath> directory. This topic assumes you are familiar with the information in <xref href="aboutgroceryshopping_sample.dita">About the grocery shopping sample</xref>.
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Go to the <filepath>template/topics</filepath> directory.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Copy the <filepath>groceryshopping.dita</filepath> file to the "working" directory (<filepath>working/topics</filepath>).</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Using your authoring tool, edit the "working" version of the <filepath>groceryshopping.dita</filepath> file.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>In the prolog section of the file, change the text of the author element text to your name.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Also in the prolog section, change the text of the copyrholder element to your company name.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Also in the prolog section, update the "revised" date of the critdates element.</cmd>
				<info>Your <filepath>groceryshopping.dita</filepath> file should now look something like this:
					<codeblock>
&lt;topic id="groceryshopping" xml:lang="en-us"&gt;
&lt;title&gt;Shopping for groceries&lt;/title&gt;
&lt;shortdesc&gt;Tips on buying groceries.&lt;/shortdesc&gt;
&lt;prolog&gt;
<b>&lt;author type="creator"&gt;Tom McIntyre&lt;/author&gt;</b>
&lt;copyright&gt;
&lt;copyryear year="2007"/&gt;
<b>&lt;copyrholder&gt;Acme Company&lt;/copyrholder&gt;</b>
&lt;/copyright&gt;
&lt;critdates&gt;
&lt;created date="2006-08-07"/&gt;
<b>&lt;revised modified="2007-03-18"/&gt;</b>
&lt;/critdates&gt;
&lt;metadata&gt;
&lt;keywords&gt;
&lt;keyword&gt;grocery shopping&lt;/keyword&gt;
&lt;/keywords&gt;
&lt;/metadata&gt;
&lt;/prolog&gt;
&lt;body&gt;
&lt;!-- This is a container topic—it has no body content. --&gt;
&lt;!-- Do not type anything here. --&gt;
&lt;p/&gt;
&lt;/body&gt;
&lt;/topic&gt;
					</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Save the changed file.
				</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
