<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="access" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Accessibility</title>
<shortdesc>Make sure your content is accessible by screen readers.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>accessibility</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>As an author of IBM product documentation, you are required by corporate
guidelines to make every possible effort to maximize the accessibility of
the information you produce. There are many elements and attributes in DITA
that are specifically designed to improve accessibility. </p>
<p>One example of this is the <i>alt</i> element in the &lt;image> element.
When a visually-handicapped person uses a specially-equipped browser to access
information, the screen reader can use the <i>alt</i> element content to describe
the associated image to the user. It's up to you, as the author, to remember
to include descriptive content for the <i>alt</i> element every time you insert
an &lt;image> element into your DITA topic.</p>
<p>Here are some other guidelines and markup tips that will make your DITA
topics accessible. More information is available at <xref href="http://w3.austin.ibm.com/~snsinfo/webcheck.html"
scope="external"></xref></p>
<simpletable>
<sthead>
<stentry>Modification to the DITA element or attribute</stentry>
<stentry>Resulting accessibility enhancement</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry><b>&lt;fig>:</b> when graphs or charts are used in a DITA topic,
provide supporting lines of text around the element to describe the contents</stentry>
<stentry>Since there is no specific markup available to adequately describe
a complex image such as a chart, be sure to describe the concepts and data
represented by the chart in one or more lines of text immediately above or
below the figure.<p>When appropriate, use the &lt;title> and &lt;desc> elements
to create descriptive commentary within the context of the figure element.
When a figure is cross-referenced from another location, its title and descriptive
text can be transformed as "preview text" within the link.</p></stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry><b>&lt;image>:</b> <ul>
<li>add the <i>alt</i> element to describe the image</li>
<li>add the <i>longdescref</i> attribute to point to a separate topic that
describes the image</li>
</ul></stentry>
<stentry><ul>
<li>The screen reader can communicate the meaning of the image to the user
using the <i>alt</i> text.</li>
<li>The user can link to the descriptive topic for extended information.</li>
</ul></stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry><b>&lt;object>:</b> <ul>
<li>add the &lt;desc> element within the object to provide additional information
about the object</li>
</ul></stentry>
<stentry>Screen readers may not be able to handle special multimedia objects
like Flash presentations or Quicktime video clips. Supply text to describe
the same information that the object is communicating.</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry><b>&lt;table> headings:</b> <ul>
<li>Column headings: include a header row &lt;thead></li>
<li>Row headings: use the <i>rowheader</i> attribute to indicate specifically
when a row is intended to represent a vertical heading</li>
</ul></stentry>
<stentry><ul>
<li>The structure of the table is indicated to the user by the screen reader
application when column headings are clearly indicated.</li>
<li>  The <i>rowheader</i> attribute indicates how a screen reader should
process alternate headings</li>
</ul></stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable>
</conbody>
</concept>
