<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="builddev" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Build developer</title>
<shortdesc>Build developers are responsible for publishing and packaging information
sets, based on maps, and for extending transforms and CSS files where necessary
to implement local variants of information design guidelines.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>build developer role</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Build developers need to:<ul>
<li>Generate topics and maps in specific output formats.</li>
<li>Where necessary, enhance the output transforms by creating or commissioning
CSS or XSLT overrides for specific elements or behaviors</li>
<li>Validate that any override styles or transforms are compatible with translation,
accessibility, and user assistance guidelines.</li>
<li>Package information for translation and publication.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>Build developers should use standard DITA transforms and processes wherever
possible. When unique requirements such as branding or application help formats
require special treatment, they should base new transforms on existing ones
wherever possible, reusing existing code by reference. They should validate
that any code they create is acceptable to translation and does not produce
output that breaks user assistance principles. They should share their code
with others, so that it can be considered for adoption and support by other
teams. Any code developed for use with DITA needs to go through an approval
process to make sure it meets these requirements, as documented on the customization
policy site for IDWB.</p>
<p>For information on command-line interfaces to DITA processes, see the <cite>IDWB
Process and Command Guide</cite>.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
