<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="contitle" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Topic titles, descriptions, and references</title>
<shortdesc>Titles and descriptions are very important in DITA, because they
get reused in lots of ways, and so have to make sense on their own, not just
as headers for the content in the body.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>references</indexterm><indexterm>titles</indexterm><indexterm>descriptions</indexterm>
<indexterm>short descriptions</indexterm><indexterm>topics<indexterm>titles,
descriptions, and references</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>When a topic links to another topic, it will pull in the title for the
link text and pull in the short description for a link preview. This makes
it easier for readers to decide whether or not to follow a link, and makes
it possible to automatically generate summaries of groups of topics, based
on child links from a parent topic. This is done for you when you use maps
to organize your topics, but it only works well if your topics have short
descriptions.</p>
<p>Topic titles also get reused in the navigation files or tables of contents
for collections of topics, and in search results.</p>
<p>You can override the topic's title and short description when you define
the link, or when you define the topic reference in a map. The topic's own
title and short description merely provide a default. However, you can make
this default behavior more precise by using the &lt;navtitle> and &lt;searchtitle>
elements, which are available inside a &lt;titlealts> element just after the
title. The &lt;navtitle> defines a title specifically for use in navigation,
and the &lt;searchtitle> defines a title specifically for search results,
which is used by search engines that return the HTML &lt;title> element, such
as Eclipse. Regardless of the alternate titles you create, the main title
continues to get used for linking purposes, and as the header for the actual
topic content.</p>
<p>Whenever possible, you should use a single title and short description
for the topic, so that the topic is referenced consistently.</p>
<example><title>Example: title, navtitle, searchtitle</title><codeblock>&lt;task>
  &lt;title>Generating XHTML from maps&lt;/title>
  &lt;titlealts>
    &lt;navtitle>Generating XHTML&lt;/navtitle>
    &lt;searchtitle>Generating XHTML from DITA maps with IDWB&lt;/searchtitle>
  &lt;/titlealts>
  ...
&lt;/task></codeblock><p>Typically the &lt;navtitle> is shorter than the &lt;title>,
to take advantage of the context of container entries (like a parent entry
called "Maps"), and to accommodate the smaller display area: typically navigation
entries appear in a narrow navigation pane to the left of the main content.</p><p>Typically
the &lt;searchtitle> is longer, to make it easier for users to select the
right entry from a potentially wide array of candidates. For example, in the
case of documentation in an Eclipse component, you may need to add some words
to indicate your component or product, to help users differentiate your title
from identical titles in other products or components sharing the same search
engine.</p></example>
</conbody>
</concept>
