<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="develop" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Development phase</title>
<shortdesc>In the development phase, information developers document concepts,
tasks, and reference topics.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>development phase</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Start the development phase by writing the tasks, concepts, and reference
information, as defined during the design phase. You can use any scenarios
and tutorials to provide some conceptual and task information. Use samples
to provide examples.</p>
<p>Ensure that you work closely with your programming developers, testers,
and usability experts. Work to develop a good relationship with
them. Ask for demonstrations and sample programs for use in your information.
Use them to help develop your tasks and scenarios. Ensure you have them review
your topics. Make sure that you try the tasks, examples, and scenarios yourself.
Become your own expert (you'll gain their respect and truly become part of
the development team).  Maybe you'll get lucky when they review your information
and hear something like "Gee, we ought to make it work that way".</p>
<p>Once you have developed a substantial portion of the content, you can start
putting the documentation out for the review. You can use the &lt;draft-comment>
element to flag issues for reviewers. Once you have addressed feedback from
the reviews, test the documentation, and go through any additional required
processes, such as signoff, accessibility tests, and link checking.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
