<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="eclipseout" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Eclipse output</title>
<shortdesc>You can produce XHTML with Eclipse navigation files directly into
an Eclipse help plugin.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Eclipse output</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Each &lt;topicref> and &lt;topichead> in the hierarchy becomes an entry
in the Eclipse navigation file, unless it is in a relationship table or has
toc="no". Each input map becomes an output navigation file.</p>
<p>You can use the &lt;navref> and &lt;anchor> elements, plus the map element's <i>anchorref</i> attribute,
to produce integration points in the Eclipse output, where a navigation file
is pulled in or attaches itself at runtime. See the Eclipse UA resources for
more information on authoring Eclipse navigation files.</p>
<p>While the Title attribute on a Map element is optional, the Title attribute
is required by the Eclipse help system. The primary XML table of contents
must have a title (label in Eclipse), in order for that help's table of contents
to load.</p>
<table colsep="0" frame="topbot">
<tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry colname="col1" valign="top">DITA markup</entry>
<entry colname="col2" valign="top">Eclipse output</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">&lt;map></entry>
<entry colname="col2">&lt;toc></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><i>anchorref</i> attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><i>link_to</i> attribute</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">&lt;topicref>, &lt;topichead></entry>
<entry colname="col2">&lt;topic></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"><i>navtitle</i> attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><i>label</i> attribute</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">&lt;navref> with <i>mapref</i> attribute</entry>
<entry colname="col2">&lt;link> with <i>toc</i> attribute</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">&lt;anchor></entry>
<entry colname="col2">&lt;anchor></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p rev="rel382">You can link between Eclipse plug-ins. The DITA processes
allow relative linking from plugin to plugin.</p>
<example><title>Example: Map to Eclipse navigation conversion</title><fig>
<title>Source file example.ditamap</title>
<codeblock>&lt;map title="Example" anchorref="another.ditamap#abc">
  &lt;topicref href="a.dita">
    &lt;topicref href="b.dita" collection-type="sequence">
      &lt;topicref href="b1.dita"/>
      &lt;anchor id="xyz"/>
      &lt;topicref href="b2.dita"/>
    &lt;/topicref>
    &lt;navref mapref="yetanother.ditamap"/>
  &lt;/topicref>
&lt;/map></codeblock>
</fig><fig><title>Resulting file example.xml</title>
<codeblock>&lt;toc label="Example" link_to="another.xml#abc">
  &lt;topic label="A title retrieved from the target" href="a.html">
    &lt;topic label="B title" href="b.html">
      &lt;topic label="B child" href="b1.html"/>
      &lt;anchor id="xyz"/>
      &lt;topic label="B second child " href="b2.html"/>
    &lt;/topic>
    &lt;link toc="yetanother.xml"/>
  &lt;/topic>
&lt;/toc></codeblock>
</fig></example>
</conbody>
<concept id="howtoset" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>How to set the topic attribute on the Eclipse toc element</title>
<conbody>
<p>By default, the topic attribute on the Eclipse TOC element receives the
first topic's heading. You cannot set the topic value on the map element itself,
but you can put a topicref in at the top of your map that will set it. If
you add:<codeblock>&lt;map title="ISC DEV HOME">
<b>&lt;topicref navtitle="Use this as the title" href="new_target.dita" 
          toc="no" print="no"></b>&lt;/topicref>
&lt;topicref navtitle="ISC DEV HOME" href="isc_dev_home.dita" type="topic">
     &lt;topicref navtitle="first" href="first.dita" type="task">&lt;/topicref>
     &lt;topicref navtitle="second" href="second.dita" type="task">&lt;/topicref>
     ...
     etc. 
     ... 
     &lt;topicref navtitle="last" href="last.dita" type="reference">&lt;/topicref>
&lt;/topicref>
&lt;/map></codeblock></p>
<p>The file new_target.html will be used instead of isc_dev_home.html. You
can also set this to an external website, an actual HTML file, or anything
else that can be pointed to in Eclipse. Just remember to set the format attribute
so that the transform does not treat it as a DITA topic. As long as you set
toc=no and print=no, the referenced topic will not show up as a TOC entry
in your Eclipse output or as a chapter in your PDF.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
</concept>
