<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="hhlpout" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>HTMLHelp output</title>
<shortdesc>You can produce HTMLHelp output and compile it directly into Windows
HTMLHelp compiled help member (CHM) files.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>HTMLHelp output</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>HTMLHelp output consists of HTML output (XHTML transitional) with an HTMLHelp
navigation file, which is then compiled into an HTMLHelp file. Each local
DITA &lt;topicref> or &lt;topichead> in the map becomes an entry in the HTMLHelp
table of contents, unless it's in a relationship table or toc="no".</p>
<p>Before you can produce HTMLHelp compiled output, you must have the HTML
Help Workshop installed. You can get the HTML Help Workshop from:<codeblock
expanse="page"><xref href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/default.asp?url=/library/en-us/htmlhelp/html/hwMicrosoftHTMLHelpDownloads.asp"
scope="external"></xref></codeblock></p>
<p>Save and run the htmlhelp.exe file to install the help compiler workshop.
Add the folder you installed the compiler in to your PATH environment variable.
This will cause the compiler to run automatically when you process your map
file with HTMLHelp as the selected navigation.</p>
<p>The following elements are ignored in HTMLHelp processing:<ul>
<li>References with toc="no". Make sure you set toc="no" for local non-DITA
content like ZIP files or PDFs that cannot be included in the CHM.</li>
<li>&lt;navref> and &lt;anchor> elements, because there is no concept of runtime
inclusion in CHM files. If you want to include other maps for CHM, instead
of using &lt;navref> use the <i>conref</i> attribute on a &lt;topicref> to
pull in the branches of navigation you want to reuse.</li>
</ul></p>
<p rev="rel382">The HTML files are converted from XHTML files, and codepoints
within the file are processed for the output language.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
