<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="infoarchitect" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Information architect</title>
<shortdesc>Information architects are responsible for defining what topics
are required in an information set, and how the topics fit together.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>information architect role</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Information architects need to:<ul>
<li>Take a "big picture" view of the project content.</li>
<li>Develop samples and scenarios, and use them to derive information type
hierarchies.</li>
<li>Follow the user assistance guidelines for defining hierarchies.</li>
<li>Describe the relationships among topics, and define the way information
sets will combine and integrate.</li>
<li>Develop specialized maps for particular contexts, such as different output
devices, different audiences, or different platforms.</li>
<li>Consider ways in which maps can get reused for different contexts and
output formats.</li>
<li>Identify information gaps and missing topics for writers to create</li>
</ul></p>
<p>Because information architects use maps, they don't need to worry about
affecting topic content. They can define different sets of links and navigation
for each context in which a topic is reused. Different information architects
can define different maps across the same topics, without affecting each other.
Each information architect can concentrate on maintaining the navigation and
relationships that apply for their product or context, without worrying about
other contexts. They can view and maintain all the relationships for a particular
context in one place, instead of editing all the topics individually.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
