<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="ditaintro" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Introducing DITA</title>
<shortdesc>DITA is the Darwin Information Typing Architecture, which supports
authoring of information-typed topics for task-oriented information sets.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>DITA supports creation and management of information-typed topics, which
can be linked and assembled together using DITA maps into online help, information
centers, or PDFs. DITA topics and maps can also be reused in IBMIDDoc documents.
DITA provides four types of topic to start: concept topics, task topics, reference
topics, and, when those don't apply, an untyped generic topic. You can supplement
the information type with additional information about a topic's intended
audience and subject area or product.</p>
<p>When you author content using DITA, you will find the experience to be
somewhat different than authoring in HTML or IBMIDDoc. The following are some
key characteristics of the DITA authoring experience:</p>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Topic-based writing</dt>
<dd>The topic is the smallest independently maintainable unit of content.
Topics must be able to stand alone so that they can be reused and recombined
in various presentation media (online help and an information center,
for example).</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Information types</dt>
<dd>Information types provide a way to identify each topic as either a task,
concept, or reference topic. You can also use generic topics when the existing
information types don't apply.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt> Metadata to identify information</dt>
<dd>Using DITA metadata elements, you can identify topic content according
to audience, product name, brand, and platform, among other categories. You
can then filter or flag the content to customize it for particular product
deliverables and audiences.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Individual files or one file</dt>
<dd>DITA supports writing separate topics for maximum reuse. You can also
author a group of topics together in one file, if a set of topics needs to
always be kept together as a unit.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Customizable</dt>
<dd>DITA output is customizable. When the default output from your content
is inappropriate for your users' needs or product branding requirements, you
can override the treatment of particular elements or categories of content.
This lets you concentrate on using the markup accurately, instead of choosing
markup for formatting effects.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>
<p>The following concepts introduce DITA in more detail.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
