<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="mapprint" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Maps and printing</title>
<shortdesc>Maps let you define structures that are optimized for sequential
reading, whether online or in print.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>printing and maps</indexterm><indexterm>maps<indexterm>printing</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>There are several ways in which you can prepare DITA content for printing.
Choose your approach based on the level of print support you require.<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Map-to-PDF</dt>
<dd>You can create a PDF directly from a map. However, it will not include
edition notices, form numbers, or transitional sentences between topics. This
is appropriate for drafts and reviews, but not for information intended for
customers.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>IBMIDDoc and a map</dt>
<dd>You can use IBMIDDoc to define a book shell that includes your map using
the xmlobj element, as shown in the sample  idwbwin\samples\ibmdoc-dita-pdf.idd.
This lets you introduce edition notices and form numbers, but not transitional
sentences. This is appropriate for PDFs or topic-oriented books that are shipped
to customers.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>IBMIDDoc and topics</dt>
<dd>You can use IBMIDDoc to define your entire book table of contents, including
individual topics using xmlobj, and introducing transitional sentences as
required. This also lets you reuse DITA topics in existing IBMIDDoc documents,
and supports staged migration from IBMIDDoc to DITA. This is appropriate for
PDFs or linear books that reuse some topic-oriented content.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p>
<p>When a map is used for both PDFs and other outputs, you can fine-tune the
output using the <i>print</i> attribute. Set print="no" on a topic reference
to exclude it and its descendants from PDF output.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
