<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="rellink" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Related links</title>
<shortdesc>You can add related links to a topic after its body, in a &lt;related-links>
element. Related links can be to other topics, or to external content like
Web pages and PDFs.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>links<indexterm>related</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>related
links</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Links are fairly similar to references in maps, except for the addition
of a <i>role</i> attribute. The <i>role</i> attribute conveys the same information
that a map's structure provides. For example, in a map one &lt;topicref> can
contain another, implying a parent/child relationship. When adding links manually
to the topics instead, you would link from the parent to the child with role="child",
and from the child to the parent with role="parent".</p>
<p>You can add links directly to the &lt;related-links> element,
or organize them with &lt;linkpool> and &lt;linklist> elements. Links in &lt;linklist>
elements are output in the order you define them. Other links (in &lt;linkpool>
elements, or directly contained by the &lt;related-links> element) are sorted
on output, based on their <i>role</i> attributes, and based on the type of
the target.</p>
<p>Both the link text and a link description can be derived from the target,
using the target's title and short description, when the target is a local
DITA file. If the target can't be reached or processed by the output processor,
you will need to define the text and description within the link.</p>
<p>The main &lt;link> attributes are <i>href</i>, <i>scope</i>, <i>format</i>, <i>role</i>,
and <i>importance</i>.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
