<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="reltable" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Relationship tables</title>
<shortdesc>Relationship tables let you use columns and rows to express relationships
among topics. Typically you should define a column for each information type</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>relationship tables</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Relationship tables can be used to organize relationships based on any
number of criteria, including audience and product, not just information type.
A common case is a relationship table that lets you organize relationships
by information type.</p>
<p>To organize relationships by information type, create a table with three
columns: concept, task and reference. Columns are defined in a header row,
including default type and metadata for the &lt;topicref>s in the column.</p>
<table>
<tgroup cols="3"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/><colspec
colname="col3"/>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">type="concept"</entry>
<entry colname="col2">type="task"</entry>
<entry colname="col3">type="reference"</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p>In each row, you can then identify a task in the task cell, identify the
concepts that support it in the concept cell, and identify the relevant reference
information in the reference cell.</p>
<table>
<tgroup cols="3"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/><colspec
colname="col3"/>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">myconcept.dita</entry>
<entry colname="col2">mytask.dita</entry>
<entry colname="col3">myreference.dita</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p>The task, concept, and reference topics will all link to each other. You
can fine-tune this behavior using the linking attribute on columns or cells,
as well as on individual topicrefs.</p>
<p>Within the table, use rows to express relationships, and use columns to
express patterns across relationships. The &lt;topicref>s in a cell will link
to all other &lt;topicref>s in the same row (though not in the same cell,
unless the cell <i>collection-type</i> is set). You can repeat &lt;topicref>s
in multiple rows when a &lt;topicref> is part of multiple relationships.</p>
<section><title>Managing attribute defaults</title><p>You can use the table,
column, and cell elements to set default values for processing attributes
like <i>linking</i>, so you can efficiently manage linking rules or patterns.
For example, you could create a "samples" column, and set it to linking="targetonly",
in order to manage links to samples without overloading the samples themselves
with unnecessary links. </p><p>You can use the table and column elements to
set default values for metadata attributes like <i>audience</i> and <i>prodinfo</i>.
You cannot set metadata attributes at the cell level, since cells cannot be
conditionally processed without affecting column alignment. Instead, you can
put the &lt;topicref>s you want to affect inside a &lt;topicgroup> element,
and set the attributes on the &lt;topicgroup>.</p></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
