<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="sectxmp.dita" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Sections and examples</title>
<shortdesc>Sections and examples can be contained only by the body of a topic.
They cannot nest. They can contain block-level elements like paragraphs, phrase-level
elements like API names, or text.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>section elements</indexterm><indexterm>example
elements</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Sections are non-nesting subheadings within a topic. You can also use them
to create untitled groupings of text for reuse. If you need nested subheadings,
don't use sections - nest your topics instead.</p>
<p>The &lt;section> element isn't allowed in tasks. In concepts, use sections
for content that requires a title but that isn't significant enough to stand
on its own as a topic. In reference topics, use sections for repeating headings
like <b>Usage</b> that don't constitute a new topic in themselves, just a
partition of the current topic. </p>
<p>Examples are a special kind of section. They take the same kind of content,
and look the same on output, but are marked as examples for the sake of XML-aware
search and filtering.</p>
<p>The &lt;example> element is allowed in all information types. Typically
an example would contain such things as &lt;codeblock> elements, or images
showing possible settings for a configuration pane.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
