<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="tasktopic" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Task topics</title>
<shortdesc>Tasks answer the question "How do I?". They are the heart of product
documentation.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>tasks</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Our customers use IBM's software products as a means to an end. Your information
should be strongly task-oriented: first, identify what your users really want
to do. Then, identify which tasks support those goals. As you describe how
to perform the tasks, you will be able to identify concepts that should be
explained and examples that are needed to supplement the task information.</p>
<p>Tasks should be derived from a task analysis, and be organized based on
major tasks in chronological flow. If a task analysis already exists for your
subject area, you can use it to identify the tasks you need to write. Otherwise,
do your own analysis of tasks based on tutorials, scenarios, and samples,
which describe user tasks in terms of real-life goals. Read the User Assistance
guidelines at <xref href="http://ua.raleigh.ibm.com" scope="external"></xref> for
much more information on authoring tasks.</p>
<p>Tasks have a well-defined structure. While each of the main elements is
optional, any information you do add needs to fit into one of the main task
elements, in a specific order. You can think of the task elements as a sort
of checklist: are there any prerequisites? Do you need to provide context,
or is the short description enough? The defined order keeps things consistent
across tasks, which makes them more predictable and easier to read.<ul>
<li>Before the steps, you should list prerequisites and give some context.</li>
<li>In the steps, you should separate out the actual instruction to the user
from additional information and from a description of the step's results.
You can list options for a step in a list (&lt;choices>) or a table (&lt;choicetable>).
You can provide at most one level of substeps.</li>
<li>After the steps, you should describe the result of the task, describe
anything they need to do next, and optionally provide an example.</li>
</ul></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
