<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="taskan" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Task analysis</title>
<shortdesc>Tutorials, use cases, samples, and scenarios are all different
ways of explaining the same thing: how a product's features can be used to
solve a problem. And they're all potentially input for creating a task analysis.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>task analysis</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Not every use case needs to become a tutorial, and not every tutorial can
have an equivalent sample. However, it is important to make sure that the
main tasks a product will be used for are documented and organized according
to the way they will be performed in a real-world situation, in a sequence
or "flow" of tasks. So it's important to express the functionality of your
product in terms of a task flow, even if the task flow isn't exercised in
a set of tutorials. This helps you identify the tasks that need to be documented
so that users can complete a real goal. </p>
<p>This process of identifying tasks based on real-world scenarios is called
task analysis. At the end of it, you should have a single hierarchy of tasks
- including higher-level tasks and subtasks - that organizes all the tasks
in your help set or information center. This is covered in more detail in
the user assistance guidelines, and is one of the basic principles of minimalism,
which is an established technique for improving technical information.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
