<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="topicstypes" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Topics and information types</title>
<shortdesc>DITA content is organized into topics, and the topics are categorized
by information type. Each information type has its own authoring requirements.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>information types<indexterm>introduction</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>topics<indexterm>introduction</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p id="topicdefn">A <term>topic</term> is a unit of information
with a title and content, long enough to make sense on its own and be authored
as a unit, but short enough to give users the answer to their question without
breaking away from the problem they are trying to solve.</p>
<p>People need a lot of information to use comprehensive and complicated products
effectively. By classifying (or architecting) this information into general
categories (types), you can:<ul>
<li>Make it easier to rewrite current documentation. It can more easily be
reused somewhere else.</li>
<li>Design new information more easily and consistently. </li>
<li>Make sure you provide truly task-oriented information. The user wants
to do something or learn about something quickly.</li>
<li>Make sure you provide enough detailed levels of information. Task orientation
ensures only the needed information is included.</li>
<li>Make better decisions about what to include and what to leave out. Only
the important information gets included.</li>
<li>Provide a predictable online access structure for our users. Consistent
design helps users. They learn the interface once, then expect things to occur
in a similar flow and arrangement across all the tools that they use.</li>
<li>Provide for complex search and retrieval of information.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>Information types are covered in more detail in their own section.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
