<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="topicmeta" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Topic metadata</title>
<shortdesc>All topics have the same prolog structure, where you can store
information about the topic such as its audience, keywords, and author.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topics<indexterm>metadata</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>prolog
overview</indexterm><indexterm>metadata overview</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>While you can provide a lot of information in a topic's metadata, it can
often be more efficient to manage the same information in maps, where you
can define metadata for whole groups of topics at a time. </p>
<section><title>Prolog categories</title><p>Prolog metadata falls into the
following general categories:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Document creation</dt>
<dd>The &lt;author>, &lt;publisher>, and &lt;source> elements help track how
a document was created and published.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Document lifecycle</dt>
<dd>The &lt;copyright>, &lt;critdates>, and &lt;permissions> elements help
track the lifecycle of a document.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Document subject</dt>
<dd>The &lt;metadata> element organizes information about audience, category,
keywords, product information, and other metadata.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Document identity</dt>
<dd>The &lt;resourceid> element lets you create unique ids for different help
system requirements.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
<section><title>Important elements</title><p>You don't need to use every element
in the prolog. Much of the information in the prolog, such as copyright dates,
may be better left to tools and publication processes to handle. Of the information
that does need to be hand-authored, particularly the contents of the metadata
element, some information may be better handled in a map. For example, when
a topic gets reused in a new context, new synonyms and audience definitions
may need to be applied, and a map is the appropriate vehicle.</p><p>You should
use the contents of the prolog's metadata element as follows:<dl><dlentry>
<dt>audience</dt>
<dd>Can be used to provide detailed information about a target audience, to
supplement the value in the <i>audience</i> attribute of the topic's root
element. Be careful to coordinate your definitions with the rest of your team.
Audience definitions should come out of a thorough analysis of your product's
audiences, and be consistent across your product information set. If your
information set has two or three different understandings of administrator
skill set and responsibilities, the result will not be useful to actual administrators
trying to search or filter your information.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>category</dt>
<dd>Can be used to assign the topic to a category, which can classify the
topic for retrieval or navigation. For example, the categories could be used
to group topics in a generated navigation pane. Topics can belong to multiple
categories.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>keywords</dt>
<dd>Should be used to provide synonyms for search results, as well as to define
index entries for the topic as a whole. Be careful with synonym usage: while
it can help users coming from different product backgrounds who are unfamiliar
with your product's terminology, it can also confuse users who search on a
term and get back a document that doesn't obviously apply.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>prodinfo</dt>
<dd>Can be used to provide detailed information about a product that the topic
is used in, to supplement the value in the <i>product</i> attribute of the
topic's root element. Be careful to coordinate your definitions with the rest
of your team. Inconsistent use of product identifiers will make filtering
of your information set problematic.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>othermeta</dt>
<dd>Can be used to provide other sorts of metadata, for use in customized
processing or to produce specific kinds of XHTML metadata elements not available
otherwise.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
