<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="topichier" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Topic hierarchies</title>
<shortdesc>You can add topic references inside other topic references, to
build hierarchies that can be used for navigation, tables of contents, and
generated links.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topic references<indexterm>hierarchies</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>attribute inheritance in maps</indexterm><indexterm>maps<indexterm>attribute
inheritance</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>inheritance of attributes in
maps</indexterm><indexterm>hierarchies<indexterm>attribute inheritance</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>The topic hierarchy is built out of nesting &lt;topicref> elements. It
determines the sequence and nesting of topics in PDF output, as well as creating
a navigation tree for online TOCs, and determining parent and child links
in the XHTML output topics.</p>
<p>Just as real children inherit attributes from their ancestors, child topics
can inherit attributes from their ancestor topics. Descendant topics can override
these inherited values by declaring the attribute themselves.</p>
<p>For example, if a &lt;topicref> has toc="no" as an attribute, it and all
of its descendant topics will be excluded from the Table of Contents in whatever
output is generated. However, if one of the descendant topics has toc="yes",
it will be included in the TOC, even though its ancestors are excluded.</p>
<p>The inheritable attributes are:<table id="inheritable">
<tgroup cols="3"><colspec colname="col1"/><colspec colname="col2"/><colspec
colname="col3"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry colname="col1" valign="top">Processing</entry>
<entry colname="col2" valign="top">Metadata</entry>
<entry colname="col3" valign="top">Other</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">linking</entry>
<entry colname="col2">audience</entry>
<entry colname="col3">type</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">print</entry>
<entry colname="col2">product</entry>
<entry colname="col3">locktitle</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">toc</entry>
<entry colname="col2">platform</entry>
<entry colname="col3">scope</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"></entry>
<entry colname="col2">importance</entry>
<entry colname="col3">format</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"></entry>
<entry colname="col2">otherprops</entry>
<entry colname="col3"></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1"></entry>
<entry colname="col2">rev</entry>
<entry colname="col3"></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
<p>In addition to inheritable attributes, you can also set the <i>collection-type</i> attribute
on a parent &lt;topicref> to describe the relationship among its children.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
