<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="topicref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Topic references</title>
<shortdesc>Topic references are the main content of a DITA map. They can be
used to point to both DITA and non-DITA content, and to reflect relationships
among the topics.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topic references<indexterm>overview</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>Topic references can be to local content (accessible by the map), or to
peer or external content that map processes (such as publishing) will not
have access to, although it is related to the map's collection and needs to
be referenced by the map.</p>
<p>The most important part of the topic reference is its <i>href</i> attribute,
which points to the target topic. For local references (that will be included
in output processing), the reference must be to a file, or a topic in a file,
in the same directory as the map or a subdirectory of the map's directory.
For peer references, the reference can be any relative path. For external
references, the reference should be an absolute URL.</p>
<p>The format of the <i>href</i> attribute is <synph><var>pathandfilename</var>.dita#<var>topicid</var></synph>.
If you leave off the # and topic id, the <i>href</i> points to the first topic
in the target file.</p>
<p>You can use the <i>scope</i> attribute to indicate whether a reference
is local, to a topic in a peer component, or to an external topic. You can
use the <i>format</i> attribute to indicate whether the target is a DITA file
that can be processed, or some other kind of file that should just be copied
to the output directory.</p>
<p>If the target is not a local DITA topic, you should include a title in
the <i>navtitle</i> attribute, and optionally a description in the &lt;desc>
element (inside the &lt;topicref>'s &lt;topicmeta> element). Otherwise the
output process will use the <i>href</i> value.</p>
<example><title>Examples</title><codeblock>&lt;topicref href="maps.dita">
&lt;topicref href="concepts/maps.dita#maps"/>
&lt;topicref href="../com.ibm.dita.other/tasks/definetest.dita" 
  scope="peer" navtitle="Defining tests">
  &lt;topicmeta>&lt;shortdesc>Define the test you want to perform 
  using the Testing perspective.&lt;/shortdesc>&lt;/topicmeta>
&lt;/topicref>
&lt;topicref href="http://www.ibm.com" scope="external">
  &lt;topicmeta>&lt;shortdesc>IBM's Web site&lt;/shortdesc>&lt;/topicmeta>
&lt;/topicref>
&lt;topicref href="samples/samples.zip" format="zip" navtitle="Samples">
  &lt;topicmeta>&lt;shortdesc>Samples of some kind&lt;/shortdesc>&lt;/topicmeta>
&lt;/topicref></codeblock></example>
</conbody>
</concept>
