<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="uitopic" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>User interface help topics</title>
<shortdesc>Typically, user interface (UI) help is authored as reference topics
that happen to be tied directly to the user interface.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>user interface help</indexterm><indexterm>UI help topics</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>You can author your help as reference topics if the help output format
is XHTML. If the required output format is something else, for example the
Eclipse infopop format, you may need to author the content outside of DITA.</p>
<p>You should never link to UI help from other kinds of information. UI help
should be written to make sense in the context of the application interface
it is accessed from, and should not be accessible from anywhere else. If you
have important information in UI help that does need to be accessed in other
contexts (like search, or from links), chunk the information out into a separate
reference topic, and either link to it or include the relevant portion in
the UI help using <i>conref</i>.</p>
<p>For UI help authored in DITA, you can create the appropriate one-way linking
behavior by adding a separate UI column to your existing relationship table,
with a default <i>type</i> of reference and default <i>linking</i> of sourceonly.
Then in each row populate the UI column with references to the help for the
relevant parts of the UI. That way, you can include UI information in whichever
relationships apply, and enforce the one-way linking guideline with just a
column attribute setting.</p>
<p>For information on the requirements for particular help format requirements,
see the documentation for that format.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
