<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="whytopic" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Why use topics?</title>
<shortdesc>Topics are the basis for high-quality information. They should
be short enough to be easily readable, but long enough to make sense on their
own.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>topics<indexterm>why use</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>By organizing your content into topics, you can achieve several goals simultaneously:</p>
<p><ul>
<li>Your content is readable even when accessed from an index or search, not
just when read in sequence as part of a chapter. Since most readers don't
read information end-to-end, it's good information design to make sure each
unit of information can be read on its own to give just-in-time help.</li>
<li>Your content can be organized differently for online and print purposes.
You can create task flows and concept hierarchies for online orientation,
and still have a print-friendly combined hierarchy that helps people who do
want an organized reading flow.</li>
<li>Your content can be reused in different collections. Since the topic is
written to make sense when accessed randomly (as by search), it should also
make sense when included as part of different product deliverables, so you
can refactor your information as needed, including just the topics that apply
for each reuse scenario.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>Topics are small enough to provide lots of opportunities for reuse, but
large enough to be coherently authored and read. While DITA supports reuse
below the topic level, this requires considerably more thought and review,
since topics assembled out of smaller chunks often require editing to make
them flow properly. By contrast, since topics are already organized around
a single subject, you can organize a set of topics logically and get an acceptable
flow between them, since transitions from subject to subject don't need to
be as seamless as the explanations within a single subject.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
