<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2006 All Rights Reserved. -->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "..\dtd\concept.dtd">
<concept id="interconcept" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>XHTML output</title>
<shortdesc>You can produce XHTML output from DITA topics. Each input DITA
file becomes an output XHTML file.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>XHTML output</indexterm><indexterm>HTML output</indexterm>
<indexterm>Web output</indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>The &lt;searchtitle>, if set in the DITA topic, becomes the XHTML &lt;title>
element on output, since that is often what is displayed in search results
(for example by Eclipse search). Metadata in the prolog maps to equivalent
values in XHTML metadata when equivalents exist. Keywords, for example, map
to keyword metadata that some search engines (for example Eclipse) will recognize.</p>
<p>Most of the content in DITA is output in the same place on output, with
formatting added in some cases to reflect semantic distinctions in the source.
One major exception to this rule is in link processing. DITA lets you leave
off link text and descriptions that can be derived from the target, and also
sorts links based on their type and role, rather than preserving their order
in the source. The type is also derived automatically from the target if it
can be reached by the process. The role can be set directly on the link, or
it is set automatically when links are added from a map during processing. </p>
</conbody>
</concept>
