<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="plugin-xmlcatalog" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Extending the XML Catalog</title>
<shortdesc>The XML Catalogs extension point is used to update the
XML Catalogs used to resolve DTD or Schema document types, or to add
URI mappings. This is required in order to support DITA specializations
or new DITA document type shells.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section>       <p>To do this, first create a catalog with only  
      your new values, using the OASIS Catalog format, and place that
in your plug-in. Local file references in the catalog should be relative
to the location of the catalog. The following extension points are
available to work with catalogs.</p><dl><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>dita.specialization.catalog.relative</codeph></dt>
<dt importance="deprecated"><codeph>dita.specialization.catalog</codeph></dt>
<dd>             <p>Adds the content of the catalog file defined in <codeph>file</codeph> attribute
to               main DITA-OT catalog file.</p>             <note
type="remember">The <codeph>dita.specialization.catalog</codeph> extension
is deprecated. Use <codeph>dita.specialization.catalog.relative</codeph> instead.</note> 
         </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>org.dita.pdf2.catalog.relative</codeph></dt>
<dd>             <p>Adds the content of the catalog file defined in <codeph>file</codeph> attribute
to               main PDF plug-in catalog file.</p>           </dd>
</dlentry></dl>       </section>
<example><title>Example</title><p>This example assumes that "<filepath>catalog-dita.xml</filepath>"
contains an OASIS catalog for any DTDs or Schemas inside this plug-in.
The catalog entries inside of <filepath>catalog-dita.xml</filepath> are
relative to the catalog itself; when the plug-in is integrated, they
will be added to the core DITA-OT catalog (with the correct path).</p><?Pub
Caret -1?><codeblock>&lt;plugin id="com.example.catalog">
  &lt;feature extension="dita.specialization.catalog.relative" file="catalog-dita.xml"/>
&lt;/plugin></codeblock>       </example>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002241?>
