<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="plugin-messages" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding diagnostic messages</title>
<shortdesc>Plug-in specific warning and error messages can be added
to the set of messages supplied by the DITA-OT. These messages can
then be used by any XSLT override.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><dl><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>dita.xsl.messages</codeph></dt>
<dd>Add new messages to diagnostic message file.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<example><title>Example</title><p>To add your own messages, create
the new messages in an XML file such as <filepath>myMessages.xml</filepath>:</p><codeblock>&lt;dummy>
  &lt;!-- See resource/messages.xml for the details. -->
  &lt;message id="DOTXmy-msg-numW" type="WARN">
    &lt;reason>Message text&lt;/reason>
    &lt;response>How to resolve&lt;/response>
  &lt;/message>
&lt;/dummy></codeblock><p>There are three components to the message
ID:<ol>
<li>The prefix DOTX is used by all DITA-OT XSLT transforms, and must
be part of the ID.</li>
<li>This is followed by the message number ("my-msg-num" in the sample above). By convention, this
            should be a three digit integer.</li>
<li>Finally, a letter corresponds to the severity. This should be
one of:<ul>
<li>I = Informational, used with type="INFO"</li>
<li>W = Warning, used with type="WARN"</li>
<li>E = Error, used with type="ERROR"</li>
<li>F = Fatal, used with type="FATAL"</li>
</ul></li>
</ol></p><p>Once the message file is defined, it is incorporated with
this extension: </p><codeblock>&lt;plugin id="com.example.newmsg">
  &lt;feature extension="dita.xsl.messages" file="myMessages.xml"/>
&lt;/plugin></codeblock><p>XSLT modules can then generate the message
using the following call: </p><?Pub Caret 67?><codeblock>&lt;xsl:call-template name="output-message">
  &lt;xsl:with-param name="msgnum">my-msg-num&lt;/xsl:with-param>
  &lt;xsl:with-param name="msgsev">W&lt;/xsl:with-param>
&lt;/xsl:call-template>
</codeblock></example>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000002093?>
