<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="plugin-antpreprocess" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding Ant targets to the pre-process pipeline</title>
<shortdesc>Every step in the pre-process pipeline defines an extension
point before and after the step, to allow plug-ins to integrate additional
processing. This allows a plug-in to insert a new step before any
pre-processing step, as well as before or after the entire preprocess
pipeline.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><p>The group of preprocessing steps defines extension points
before and after the full preprocessing chain.</p><dl><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Preprocessing pre-target; extending this target runs your Ant
target before the full preprocess routine begins.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.post</codeph></dt>
<dd>Preprocessing post-target; extending this target runs your Ant
target after the full preprocess routine completes.</dd>
</dlentry></dl><p>In addition, there are extension points to execute
an Ant target before individual preprocessing steps.</p><dl><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.clean-temp.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Clean temp pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.gen-list.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Generate list pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.debug-filter.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Debug and filter pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.conrefpush.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Content reference push pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.move-meta-entries.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Move meta entries pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.conref.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Content reference pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.coderef.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Code reference pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.mapref.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Map reference pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.keyref.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Resolve key reference pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.mappull.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Map pull pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.chunk.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Chunking pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.maplink.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Map link pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.move-links.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Move links pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.topicpull.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Topic pull pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.copy-files.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Copy files pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.copy-image.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Copy images pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.copy-html.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Copy HTML pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.copy-flag.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Copy flag pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.copy-subsidiary.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Copy subsidiary pre-target</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><codeph>depend.preprocess.copy-generated-files.pre</codeph></dt>
<dd>Copy generated files pre-target</dd>
</dlentry></dl></section>
<example><title>Example</title><p>The following feature adds "myAntTargetBeforeChunk"
Ant target to be executed before the chunk step in preprocessing.
It assumes that an Ant file defining that target has already been
integrated.</p><codeblock>&lt;plugin id="com.example.extendchunk">
  &lt;feature extension="depend.preprocess.chunk.pre" value="myAntTargetBeforeChunk"/>
&lt;/plugin></codeblock><p>When integrated, the Ant target "myAntTargetBeforeChunk"
will be added to the Ant dependency list so that it always runs immediately
before the Chunk step.</p><?Pub Caret -1?></example>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000004128?>
