<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="preprocess-mappull" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Pull content into maps (mappull)</title>
<shortdesc>The <codeph>mappull</codeph> step pulls content from referenced
topics into maps, and cascades data within maps.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><p>This step uses XSLT to make the following changes to the
map:<ul>
<li>Pull titles from referenced DITA topics. This step replaces the
navigation title specified on the topicref. If the locktitle attribute
is set to "yes", the value in the map is not changed.</li>
<li>The &lt;linktext> element is set based on the title of the referenced
topic, unless it is already specified locally.</li>
<li>The &lt;shortdesc> element is set based on the short description
of the referenced topic, unless it is already specified locally.</li>
<li>When a local DITA topic is referenced, the type attribute is set
on the topicref based on the type of topic referenced. For example,
a reference to a task topic will end up with type="task".</li>
<li>Inheritable attributes, such as toc or print, are made explicit
on child topicref elements. This allows any future step to work with
the attributes directly, without reevaluating the cascade behavior.</li>
</ul></p></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
