<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.-->
 <!--
  | (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2005 - 2006. All Rights Reserved.
  *-->   
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="supporting2fileextensionsinaditamap" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Supporting two file extensions in one DITA map</title>
<conbody>
<p>DITA Open Toolkit supports two different file extensions, <filepath>.dita</filepath> and
        <filepath>.xml</filepath>. Previous releases of DITA Open Toolkit do not support the
      transformation of DITA maps containing inconsistent file types, such as one DITA map
      containing both <filepath>.dita</filepath> and <filepath>.xml</filepath> files. Though you can
      create either <filepath>.dita</filepath> or <filepath>.xml</filepath> files, you cannot
      include both kinds of files in one DITA map. This makes file reuse difficult, because you have
      to change the file extensions manually make them consistent in one DITA map. </p>
<p>Since DITA-OT 1.3, you can include both <filepath>.xml</filepath> and <filepath>.dita</filepath>
      as the file extensions in one DITA map and transform the DITA map into your desired output
      without manually changing the file extensions.</p>
<p rev="r3"> If you include both <filepath>.xml</filepath> and <filepath>.dita</filepath> files in
      one DITA map, and specify <codeph>/ditaext:.dita</codeph> in Java command, the
        <filepath>.xml</filepath> files are transferred to <filepath>.dita</filepath> files and put
      in the temp directory together with the .dita files. If you specify
        <codeph>/ditaext:.xml</codeph> in Java command, all the <filepath>.dita</filepath> files are
      transferred to <filepath>.xml</filepath> files under the temp directory. The default process
      option is changing all files into <filepath>.xml</filepath> files.</p>
<note><ul>
<li rev="r4">It is not suggested that you include files with the same root
name but different extensions in the same directory because this might cause
unexpected problems.</li>
<li>Error messages and warning messages in the console might not reflect the real extension. For
          example, if there is an incorrect usage in a.dita, the warning message in the console
          might refer to <filepath>a.xml</filepath>, because a.dita was changed into
            <filepath>a.xml</filepath> in the temp directory.</li>
</ul></note>
<p>You might use other file extensions together with <filepath>.dita</filepath> and
        <filepath>.xml</filepath> in one ditamap as well, such as <filepath>.dit</filepath>, but
      they are not tested in DITA OT 1.3 and thus you might take the risk of transformation
      failure.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>