<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on 
 Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file for 
 applicable licenses.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="xhtmlwithnavigation" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Generating XHTML with navigation</title>
<shortdesc>The toolkit ships with several varieties of XHTML output,
each of which follows roughly the same path through the processing
pipeline. All XHTML builds begin with the same call to the preprocess
routine, after which they generate XHTML files and then branch to
create navigation files.</shortdesc>
<refbody>
<section><p>Once the preprocess runs, XHTML based builds each run
a common series of Ant targets. Navigation may be created before or
after this set of common routines.</p><ul>
<li>When the CSS parameter is passed to the build to add a CSS file,
the <codeph>copy-css</codeph> target copies that CSS file from its
source location to the proper relative location in the output directory.</li>
<li>When a DITAVAL file is used, the <codeph>copy-revflag</codeph> target
copies the default start and end revision flags into the output directory.</li>
<li>Two targets names <codeph>dita.inner.topics.xhtml</codeph> and <codeph>dita.outer.topics.xhtml</codeph> are
used to convert DITA topics into XHTML documents. At this point after
the preprocess has completed, each DITA topic document in the temporary
directory corresponds to one XHTML output document. The "inner" template
is used to process documents that are in the map directory (or subdirectories
of that directory). The "outer" template is used to process documents
that are outside of the scope of the map, and may end up outside of
the designated output directory. Parameters to the build control how
documents processed by the "outer" target are handled.</li>
</ul></section>
</refbody>
</reference>
