<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<reference id="ditaval-style-conflict" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>style-conflict</title>
<shortdesc>The style-conflict element declares behavior to be used when one
or more flagging methods collide on a single content element. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>DITAVAL elements<indexterm>style-conflict</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p>In case of conflicts between flagging methods at different levels
(for example, a section is flagged green and a paragraph within the section
is flagged red) the most deeply nested flagging method applies. </p><p>In
case of conflicts between flagging methods on the same element (for example,
a single element is being flagged with both green and red color) it is recommended
that the conflicts be resolved as follows:<dl>
<dlhead>
<dthd>Flagging method</dthd><ddhd>Conflict behavior</ddhd>
</dlhead>
<dlentry>
<dt>startflag/endflag</dt>
<dd>Add all flags that apply.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>color</dt>
<dd>Follow the style-conflict @foreground-conflict-color setting, or use an
output-appropriate default color if no conflict color is set.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>backcolor</dt>
<dd>Follow the style-conflict @background-conflict-color setting, or use an
output-appropriate default color if no conflict color is set</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>style</dt>
<dd>Add all font styles that apply. If two different kinds of underline are
used, default to the heaviest (double underline) and use the foreground-conflict-color.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>changebar</dt>
<dd>Add all change bars that apply.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></p></section>
<section otherprops="contains"><title>Contains</title><p><i>(empty)</i></p></section>
<section otherprops="containedby"><title>Contained by</title><p><xref href="ditaval-val.dita"><?Pub Caret?>val</xref></p></section>
<section id="attrs"><title>Attributes</title> <simpletable id="abstract_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow>
<stentry>foreground-conflict-color</stentry>
<stentry><draft-comment>mp: question prompted by jeff ogden: should we document
the @ convention for identifying attributes in the front part of the spec?</draft-comment><draft-comment>TC
response: yes</draft-comment>The color to be used when more than one flagging
color applies to a single content element.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>no</stentry>
</strow>
<strow>
<stentry>background-conflict-color</stentry>
<stentry>The color to be used when more than one flagging background color
applies to a single content element.</stentry>
<stentry>CDATA</stentry>
<stentry>#IMPLIED</stentry>
<stentry>no</stentry>
</strow>
</simpletable> </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003094?>
