<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="keyword" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>keyword</title>
<shortdesc>The &lt;<keyword>keyword</keyword>&gt; element identifies a keyword
or token, such as a single value from an enumerated list, the name of a command
or parameter, product name, or a lookup key for a message.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>keyword</indexterm><indexterm>Body elements<indexterm>keyword</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords><?Pub Caret1?>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody>
<section><p><q>Keyword</q> means any text that has a unique or key-like value.
For example, a product name. Where there is a element that has a better meaning
for what you are describing, use that element. The keyword element is a generic
element; use it when no other element applies. The keyword element can also
be used to contain reusable text.</p><p>Specific markup recommendations:<ul>
<li>Use apiname for API names and cmdname for command names.</li>
<li>Term should be used for inline paragraph definitions; to indicate what
you're defining.</li>
<li>PH should be used for general phrases; when you think that keyword is
not appropriate.</li>
<li>Inside syntax diagrams and syntax phrases, use kwd to indicate a programming
keyword.</li>
<li>In metadata, a keyword is used to create additional XHTML metadata.</li>
</ul></p><p>Specialized elements derived from &lt;<keyword>keyword</keyword>&gt;
may also have extended processing, such as different formatting or automatic
indexing. <!--
If the <varname>keyref</varname> attribute is used, the keyword can be turned
into a hyperlink on output. Note that this processing is not yet implemented
within the DITA Open Toolkit. 
--></p><p>When DITA topics are output to XHTML, any &lt;<keyword>keyword</keyword>&gt;
or &lt;<keyword>indexterm</keyword>&gt; elements in the &lt;<keyword>keywords</keyword>&gt;
metadata element are placed in the Web page metadata. In addition, any index
terms in this context are also used for supported index processing (for example,
for print versions).</p></section>
<example><codeblock>&lt;p&gt;The &lt;keyword&gt;assert&lt;/keyword&gt; pragma statement allows messages to be passed
to the emulator, pre-compiler, etc..&lt;/p&gt;</codeblock></example>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/keyword-contains"
otherprops="contains"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/keyword-containedby"
otherprops="containedby"></section>
<section conref="../common/commonNavLibraryTable.dita#models/keyword-classvalue"
otherprops="classvalue"></section>
<section id="attrs"><title>Attributes</title> <simpletable id="keyword_attr"
relcolwidth="2* 3* 1* 1* 1*">
<sthead>
<stentry>Name</stentry>
<stentry>Description</stentry>
<stentry>Data Type</stentry>
<stentry>Default Value</stentry>
<stentry>Required?</stentry>
</sthead>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/univ-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/global-atts">
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
<stentry></stentry>
</strow>
<strow conref="../common/commonLRdefs.dita#commonLRdefs/classoutkey"><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/><stentry/></strow>
</simpletable> </section>
</refbody>
</reference>
<?Pub *0000003925?>
